# File: Wraith the Oblivion - 1st Edition.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


‘te Oblivion

A Storytelling Game of Death and Danation

Do not go gentle into that good nig.
jas

By Mark Rein Hage,
with Sam Chupp and jennifer Hartshom


Design: Mark Rein* Hagen with Sam Chupp and Jenni-
fer Hartshorn
Written by: Steven C. Brown, Phil Brucato, Sam Chupp,
Brian Campbell, Jackie Cassauo, Graeme Davis, Dan
reenberg, Mark Rein* Hagen, Jennifer Hartshorn, Robert
Hatch, Harry Heckel, lan Lemke, Ken Rolston, Kathleen Ryan,
Teeuwyn Woodruff
Storyteller Game System: Mark Rein¢ Hagen
Development: Jennifer Hartshorn with Sam Chupp
Design and Development Contributors: Phil Brucato,
Brian Campbell, Ian Lemke
Other Contributors: Nicholas Demidoff, Téoels Chr.
Jacobsen, Michael G. Schmidt, Palle Schmidt, Martin S.
Winther
Editing: Robert Hatch, Brian Campbell
Art Direction: Richard Thomas
Art: Tom Berg, John Cobb, Anthony Hightower, Larry
acDougall, Anson Maddox, Robert MeNeill, Ken Meyer Je
E, Allen Smith, Richard Thomas, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Drew Tucker
‘Typesetting and Layout: Aileen E. Miles
Cover Design: Henry Higgenbotham, Larry Snelly
chris McDonough
the Damned Playtest Group: Alexander M
Feely, Doug DeJulio, Tod Beardsley, Cynthia K. Neelan, Jer-
emy York, Debra Harrison. Dark Spectre Playtest Group:
imothy Toner, Lisa Hoff, John Buscher, Cassi
ort Nash, Christian Panas, P. David Gill. Danish Playtesters:
) Paul Hartvigson, Peter C. G. Jensen, Rasmus Rasmussen,
Carsten Schaumburg, Asta Wellejus. Other Playtest

Susan

Isdorf, Joe Masdon, Seretha
asdon, Sherrie Miller, John Richardson, lan Lemke, Brian

Campbell, Jennifer Hartshorn, Sam Chupp, Mark
Rein# Hagen, Bill Bridges, Phil Bru
Tinney, Kathleen Ry:

10, Robert Hatch, Mike
E. Miles, and the DeMontfort

Ailes

Dedication:
For Joseph Campbell, teacher, philosopher and scholar of
the world's mythos.

"The conquest of the fear of death is the recovery of life's
‘Joy. One can experience an unconditional affirmation of life only
‘when one has accepeed death, riot as contrary to We, but 0s
aspect of life. Life in its becoming is always shedding death, and on
the point of death. The conquest of fear yields the courage of lie.
That is the cardinal initiation of every heroic adventure — fearless-
ness and achievement."

GAME STUDIO

@1994 by White Wolf, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Re-
production without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Wraith the Oblivion, Mage the Ascension, Werewolf
the Apocalypse, and Vampire the Masquerade are trade-
marks of the White Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles,
characters and text herein are copyrights of White Wolf
unless otherwise noted.

The mention or reference to any companies or prod-
vucts in these pages is nor a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature subject matter contained herein,
reader discretion is advised.


RES (ACe
Prelude 4
Book One:
Chapter One: introduction 4
Chapter Two: Setting 4
Chapter Three: Stonteling 10
Book Two:
Chapter Four: Rules 90
Chapter Five: Character 100
Chapter Six: Traits IM
Book The:
Chapter Seven: Shadow mM
Chapter Eiht Systems 192
Chapter Nine: Drama 06
Appendix 20
—
Ag <seF —ae oe


{cant feel you anymore
icant exentouch the books youe'read
{followed you beneath the stars

Hourded by your metory
Dj plata adv teat
And all your faging tory
dordgtechn.
Butsnoied tially free
sb boris le

{kiss good-bye the howling beast
ug wh your odin ait

Thet separated you fronting
anil yoo thelr ts?

Youtl never know the hurt Fsfered
Vighelie

Nor the pain | ise above

And Tliever know the sane about you

But soon we l be together

fithe des of oblivion >


This trmortal Col

sat pig, x sae eh te td. Te monet of hae f psa akg he ed of on je
the berg of thes, a pth ial fo esa ry ie.

‘Te tonsa ings sadce he ilies fads wt led the lags and reps: hy dont de ith he ody sted thy
lager ona tae af thei wm. They Bere has. fhey hiro ado.

Taped bet hs word andthe et, writs are otic he immer Poot of dracon. ld tote opr sr, thy ae
(oped by hei ps, tht lies and the Te:

ete ot le, lat ol |e bed eel cl den, of wig
ite hare let yf ene sed yagi cis ad lle iden inl. A
few divs by tees, ago este das

Thy ie sme ence of mei eters exe iene eid ie del eld
fhm. cg waterbed sie ay Eee, ay uid cade ot tn ia tent they
sel rari thea eras data nee pls rity ot som sel este
rt he ae ofc.

Tree of at pices ua atte id eet of ii. te ine tes the de st
abel hi ese pred ad ese. heat eb ee wl. hwo bt
ty, hunt ont pi, wd te who do ot en i wt existe ee te ewe salon
ble de dre.


mihiitte. praer lial. Sight Dea, rotury your friaiship maye
S implore poutbatten? wes? wore if you lime ay lore forme OF oucamner tinagine
Whirl en Seer cileceh labor ik is, Me ip present concttion, cren 1a grasp a pe SF slall? as
_estlocun the: happier Piovs of our aignuniaitce, have Puig tunnel Wirotigh We (ps wenth my
Aire ins, % iy zy ‘
ta shall fine Hever, the constant meaty of the Matters in Whose contemplation dur
pastyel bir? scughtaamustent ari? Distraction Hore ye. Durie to know these: tercable,
ster des! ST rine shassthe Uist aur np Deere frientOs liar passe? Uiroigh before me, CS) seek i
them fervently Lat wathout hope — for Teypaule Le easter te find ax single ship upon Ute ocean,
nee can save ie thts infeed

withoul kuoweleDge af Ws course or Speed, Whats to ind. single ce

real 4 .
Bndersuantd tea why 3 tithe, such pats to fet Bom these words 7 tte fon WO
mely-mouthe? spirit of repentance nor yet fin ny SaNClioMous ONCE, p for the souls of
others, "CTiougltypout Soul ts Baar to me; S706 viel contest va, mastery of it NP purpose
ys. simply Ut pou oul kre = that pour Ciscoreay of Wiese Sire mpstenes should nat he
Ter and suO0en.as mine wies, but should ratherallare pau lessure ta:weigh up Mle knowledge
iB prepa pontsell. Chch, wn Bear sketiry, p00 mays BF as fou please).
Ona fiiend telio. irks of vom noe more ean Fer q


is

P

H saether, o

J reetings to your whoever you may be'and
however you! maysbave Comé-upon,chis
tate

—s Many years have passedsintel firstset

1G) sowrishe bik of dhe martes gh aren

Hin Yourhands-arid the dear fuiehdto whom

they Were fi dldressed senowunthme i,

theUndersobld.yr was che who prevailed oponime ro tkeup,

the nes che! more ontop esthiewy poetic license mndmeti
tarily, tun c9. wBabbave device, ‘whose dal icie eleccrieal
mechanism f¢ fArieae taxing 19 toelMence Thaithe arivemerity

ofan allcoo-solid quit #8

Inthe interim sine® np} eaclier Writing mich bes Ehud
hoth here in my Undertorld ahodeiang in your sion Mave
been able coiobserverboth worldssthrgugh these chi
by wit-and good Crime have witvived Mise cl
essitared the reviston of thélwotk you noiw,hol foe the

Original contained nigh shar was oucdatext<o the poieefbeitig

dangerous, or that hadibeen proved by painfal expeelenete

be halé-rurh of falsehood. Maréover, 1 had boensforead chen
bythe labor of weicihg to Smale maul an cureall much élse,

Which had becn of gtcat value to niy deat Mary, The ele-ttig

\iiting machine haying reduced my:pvuns from Hiotclléan to

ambiely arta, ay igpited to itprove she offi, nyse"

Ror with my fbse Intent,

Therelate ctheriinatters;(tae, Ame T gust odd, fot dey, f

speak.of hope snd comfoctto which was blind 21 the time of

Yd the Shroud: =

t itos the fashion, inthe tae young'
Y| manhood, thar thise who pretended towit
should affecr fasclitition wifi Death: We
Were thy youth ofa ailded ger idle, rich
anil mich' given vo whimnsiaadfabeies;
PP hiel Werthdulped unsintinghye Yer we

‘were stalled foreyr by the specteesaf ex
Sttong drink anid had company provided a tqadest rss
urh and he like gave sorsewhaé radrey but nothing
could stave off Coreveeiehe prospect of Laing Cced with ig)
Aworthlessness of our own lives. Emptiness yawned upon us from.
Alsies; whit moresiatufpl response, thén. chad that we ahoUte
Aga oul on oy inne brs by eon of

2
y progenitor? aS

say first writing. Having been seoved and succbted: by these
swele mie discoveries, J,mag not deny' such rarg:consobitioris
andiremain trot to iy purpose, There are-appailing and ter.
TILE EHS | mostisclose, nad Ado not ait vera fre than
they are; Liptay thar, despite A melancholy nadine muich en
Jarpediby recenvexperiente, may dosimilst fetice wo those
inote hhope(ul miatters. 1c ig a jab half gonesdise warus painst
The'pitfalls of evils yet ovetldoks' thie Wrines of sinictaary amu
the pathyof redémprion,

TeiFalsgerve hut | have bakin dhianged by my experiences
era fre: Timo<cadinic to née motivestor wishing my nowt
"edge wpon sible: [cs mysincans hope thi yo4 mayéprofie by
By laboo. and thar Win gly turn{may profit feorn fOunprofit:
ing.*You shall understand ail.ib rime,

For non, ehugh, { hurobly enreat yo 00 ted On} seein,
Gredaity BRIS Or Thavé wrkceen dothingbas thar comes fromm
myoumt experience and all of which T shuuld greatly have
walugd kfiowing ar my pip efity fifo chis existent és,

FBrmive de thar! do horislentiy diyselt. | ng lanier have
Resd'6t, cats for literary famoyRopyrighae and the rest, More
ramedttte co thy cose UG the opposition of eereainy powerful
interests muiuld morta tOyphe education of the living'in
hase partes; for the newly amivell qriltgntiraat soot is both
cdirteneyaiid Dreyiro many, Add they.will noxlodk kindly upon
iy polling their crale, tele sort snd then table,

Maj thats incb bind you) not Oblivion whelm you: May,
You Trnicend.

Aété1 mainatn, lay huescbd of ci rianth called Gothic,
Sojenceand Reakdn starved thesoal to fell the intelledty and
Sebing all tomance' and mystery qithlessly excted fram the
veri, tics of red blood reystred against this ray newaorld
Rtoms and Yieatises. To'somesithe spirivual, necrophilia we
pitmed offered aiporencial aneriicy, where mystery might yet
Dpreviil and thewothd mightbe nox entitely Ruled by nigeandly
bookketpers:|Ochérs soaght-a means: «0. be taught wicked,
andithereforé fomanticand intéfestings Yerothers proclaimed
ahaitbelvcs/the Vandtard of Reason, probigg the mysteties Of
Death charis, toopraelte be redaces! to, rules, processes and
thegcens. is ahe natye of aventures ever th geek the far
Hie frontier, ‘


9] pon the cocasion Of my own passage, [imuse
| adrrtcthat} feleadalicTous inixateot tear
} and anticipation —= hase dread mysteries.
fof Death, which Phadso lang éontera-
} placed, wert abut w ofem thenselves vo
ES) meyandiwondéred and ‘trembled.in etqual,

These feelings defrrtl utterly, fsiwever as | crossed the
thréshold pndeniétgecbiniro the Underworld. The'scnsation
wis SoméWhac Like beiaweaner wares; otf sight andisound
weretistored, and I foundimyselF baimpered inyabement f
Ven soughry i, Roly inp breath: for feat of drowning, unith F
foundiabiit] ra longer needed to be supported by respituciony

Aft in hediscancey [Bsheld a told, white radiance, aid some
"instinet bale me gars mi: tes toward ic

Allithis I/digeovercd'la an isxant, bit thereewere more
seetern yu ro behold.

Shape! moved inirh®Voigttourd! me, Buel could neither
distinguish their formssno¢ fathom the words Borne of their
shell and!distorted yoites. J. Was ag helpless ax dnewborn arid
Toy compysure quite desecred me int theface oftheir eferching,
pokiey;andshsieking, My mo ¥erient and sépses were impeded
by,some softiand Lemblydunt covering upon my headewbich
Iyusig dowe'ro some excenc alttatnd myyhody. Thithe crea
durex quickly dhaygedtcom me, and, shuddering; Ubeheld thee
nie foros

Nowdlémons from the Pitavere these; merely Souls like iny
Cth Kept in an ipproxinutionof huiinan likedegeas mich by

Our Wretched Lot

obeaiwraiahis to be forever ncanto those

thing' qnesheld deri life, yet eterdally

banished fom the pleasure 6 them. What

} an ckaqulsite tOrrure it Is Rola daily Que

Of Hhot® one loves: to watch them

‘confrontthe buffets of morta! fortune;

tosee agespail theirlooks and wither their

Timbs, corwtness dieinfoys and their woes Bur forever to be

ai. Unseen asker, denied Congress with drew more forely

shan & thearre-poer is prohibisedd a part inthe doings tipou the

stage, One: calvneither-Zelebeate their joys nor commissrare
jon thieit mistortumessoneicen only watch, and watch.

For-even, though, with Sdmevteamed skill ahd no litrle
extrtion, one Inf' getasionally manifest physi

ly oF quasi

Leal uch odalessins emer invaridBly with incom,

accasteimed habit as by desfgr of Nanure. Had they béen horned
and fariged; with leather Wings and barb@ tail; declare the
prospect woul have been 1s homrible
Yquicklpapprebendad thay these belngs had in in Wait
Tor niy passingsand each was'set upon enstaving me tor itsown
‘ends. THe Iraftcsin Souls is'nor exclusively an earthly vic
and ‘one saiblack ax my Wa, evidently, had especial value
Hoi thoy knowlege, would hays, swelled mysfiving vanity!
But noir, helpicsly/pulléd andiserhechiedy grasped andl prod
ded/ asthe Repd.contdsfed myy soul, Lyvould Ifave endured a
lifetimes Raden virtue fie bur «aingleleh nce of escape.
PThcoappi(thelrising maddeasphesacelved the Prospect of my
Soul being rorn asunder, ike, a rabbi€leontested by a pack of
houndet
Finally, ce sitongest prevailed, anjdS.was enshoved: Len.
dufedandwitnjenied marwiterrible thioys during my captivity,
‘ie do tot pivposeo eellehiem here, Fot noi, iesulfices th
Teas able to sugvivedestruesiany and bya mibsture of strength,
giilesand! undederved yodd fortune Iyulritnately escaped my
Bondage: facche process Meamed tach abou the nature of
the Ugderworld, jc fahabitants, afd chetertitgries upon which
Jt bstders: db hese lave, your own morfal would iy but one; and
TMimnar, ways iesthe lease typical,
Partoniot this knowledge cost me Weir! and 1 would
Thor have orhers, peri lens able, gay inthe same kind ws Ie
Bewate, though far my knowledge'fs, byrno means comple
and miay jor bechoroaghly accurate; Inthie Underworld truth
4s acrulirable ayany other substance

‘prcheibion nd fear, at ledscamong the living. Feéarsimongthe
dead ig ahiener hatter eruively — indeed, fieasly an emo:
tion unto int

Andethe text thartiguntahe deadlis nb les cerible a tor-
ture dhénthis cde-ott ioupeBosimient, which both offers and
deniathose things onelloves, The fear dhat haunts the dead is
‘everhistinglind usiabasingh for ics thetfeariof Oblivion, the
Almighty death. within-deah, Evediin death we cannot escape
the black spectre ofrothingness: Theiweighitot this tenor hangs
pon us always,

Oblivionsevid light Wihcarnate ih our fellow spirits. We
oot lastauls feed'and prey upon eath otter without ceasing,
‘and fea {0 MUSE Ons, another completely. Friendship of the
type Rnuien tothe living, offeriig consolation fonlife's mishor
Stiri and shared sereryth in the fice ofthardshige—sueh fel


Jowship is made aliiost inipasible by edaditions in the Un-
ecworld. Each poor wraith must lnk to its own strength and
‘well-being, and place ta trust in offered solace from another

Over years and deeades of wandering some ofits do form
lasting alfinices and associaelons (sketeall such groape Citeles),

Chivions ConsunngShadow

ednof vhacwithour ifully matched by ear
of that within, whitch che Reales call the
Shadow. Th thesiving wostd, HE Tight anid
dark sidetofthebeine archeldina kind off
G hilange bythe enigencies and requirements
of the'flesh Thgy are'forced inwiamncces-
sary cruce by hye mrual feed for physical
sustenange ind the other necessity chinigs of morta lifer Bot
when the'soul is stripped Ot its fleshlyaraiment che to halves
of mortal saturenie:no longer restrained, and the darker half

lateral Plas"

Sea tsi the naturel wealehs tac we are iniube
stantial —~ yet we" haye Rxistences so We
ust sutely have subshinee of akindyeven
iFithe only a kibd ofcubstance "Thar sab:

) srhice we call plas, Abe fy lsinothing that
ight be described by eatthly selence' tec
mien of solid Gnd ffuidmatxentbue tote?

thing between, Otioutside, ot alfoyctherorberwisey

The plasm of @ Weaith's corpus mainitajns, lor thentost part,
asi shape 06 that of the fleahy ipisthe forme by which the

spirit i accystbated to recdpnizing its tdentioy, nis mane
tained throy

fh fiablt. Certain wriths.bewos ctl hayé learned
the armof shaping their diva plasmt—Smet sometimes that of,
thers — to mole ItsieppeansiceWiaR Ney AMERY this ust
they can disguise thertbelves@hd samme may cheer eh eets of
plism to-be shaped like eatthly(élay.into such forms a5 hiey
desire. All Chitigs i0;the Undérwori ace composed of soite
‘plasm or another, just agatk things in the, wottd of the ving
ate based upon some Varpety of matter -/ !

Because Weare insubstantial, it may Be Supposed that xe
ate invulnérble to maretialinfliences abla walk through
Walls and suchlike, just as the'ébribblers ofthe "penny biSods",
prescribe. Aled, ic but'a portion of dhe tratbsallowing, by
‘yAkind Fate all of che hatdships ro The poor wait, while de
ny ingmostpirhak whicli would be useful or comforting about
such a stare oF affairs " j DD,

‘but seldom arises the warm and Sponcanennx frieadship bes
rwvpen tw lke minded individuals who stl breathe theswect
ait. Thoaghts\of betrayal and igeconsequences afe'never far
fiom oui minds, making {eae a priton for the sou! as sure aid
inescapable as any iron bars:

‘may war opetily upon rhe nableraspect of-ehe spin (aralmted
by any demands of flesh ot sociery

The Shadow finds sympathy Sh us apeounstings snd eas
strenigtfi fromthe datkeness addyaiecty aFotnd ir-Bereft of oy
and lighe, the wobler spicie flrent unless sustained by.extep-
ional ctarocrer, and it may wither alnoperher unless the most.
hiland devoned Sccps ave taken tompainrajn it, Such a sate)
OF affairs maybe seen amo' cettain types of lunacicsHnythel
Tiving world) inthe Underworld ir the [dp eacly unhappy
shisst!

Aa Lhave already gored, Alas is Képc in {ee accustomed
shiapeby able, and maybe aleetedby force of will ifone shoul
hayelteundd che discipline of Moing 8. The willl iver, 8
fastenf thelAligm, yeustimaysibe be the endie servant Hfahe
cons iousnés. It is dbvicustosthe rational mind, foeinstamce)
Ik through aywall of Stone ts impossibles the mtn
ried this knowledge aBronalivur lifes and Brovighe it to
lerworld with -the Fescbf Its bayseast:<Thus, a'wraich

that los
has
th

U
may. be initially prevented By apphysteal glen iniless this
remembered krtowlédge suppressed by the'mifid and replaced.
with che new waadom tharplastn may nor be halted by matter:

THis. a slight sracters by'applying Aittte concentration,
‘he. my overcome the resstabee Ufiratter if che mind be
aipon che task, More treachér6as, thing ufe tHOge oRCASIONS
‘where the mind i rakeruimpayares, anid the uniconsclous port
of the spit reverts to the teachings uC lifeifor want of other
aldanice-A fall, ppesding ath ofa guhshgr af@yndklen thingy
cand unless the mind Ke telaxcel dur ingetHe fnsernt of eheit sri
tagathen hatin ehegiwill most sutely accomplish, forthemind
wOUNE have 140. p

‘Yer shot shin snd ettiels0,— fa howe simple, then
forthe poor, torired spiritsfind smeetse in ell-destruction,
by fRening fim che samme bridge, perhaps that had withessed
the-extinetion ofthe lech. Though plasmyjs wulcrable tt i,

hor destructible by uch mundane causes, The extinction of
- Si


eg

the spiritisa greater ik, dé quem plus infra, and mote ter
‘Ble insirs ramificayions chan mere earthly suicide:

How is,i, further, thar'an unwelcome blow may strike us
solidlyjasif tn life, while the touch offa dear ones <o. ear
nestly and ardently desired —'s ever dented the poorspiit? Ie
is the nigsbfigerable pattof our dismakexistende, that we tay
forevergte thosewe love, Yer néiches touch nor hold converse.
with cher eZ

Ie Wretched Bondage

OF AM.soubee nbr jet che wBibUfy= are
Hi. trapped:in the misery of the Underworld
andpobliged co-endure, the exisrencelof
Jwralphise Thobs Of us whi wnat te shod
ows are irapriconed by foreearfsnmn within,
ourselves, making Our ofr. dungeon by
7 sclinging iasito the livinie world

THE es that binds inogiemisGerble-condincry we ahincdes,
fave Widimed Fetcers. Youtalreadgiknow this, dear netdér, bur know,
not Four knowles
fils Billed wich Peteets, by Which the poor pints held hackeicimy
itt propee rest? Consider theese of the miser who-carihiot Weave
Fis gold or that dé che monherwwho watches over her children
che mlatderedlspirt who baunesthe maerer pr rhe evikloer bel
inthe phice Of simé datledeed~ all these ore Fecagrs:

els of ie Fodom

ound to cereain plies, perdons or objects
i ‘the Mfiving) world. \ -s50)
torr may arr obfeeel pbubs ciated Inga
the Undertwotld with its owners Suchl ak
1 jects are called relics, for theyarelthe resi?

‘duc ofthe goods with which tie livingsoul

T surrounded imselé

re Hibr,$0, ¢asily obtained these days as they were
jn former simésiAntique belicts held it nagurlithana portion'
ofthe dead one' doo ouldaaccompany thespiritt6 the next
worldjid the bereaved were wor-co ealip the, rombiwach

iprovisions for theljourney andedistence w €omné. } Rave fod) owner

61 ne nopphavt stories ofall Kinds end Ori-=

‘When aware, theliving most! shun the touch of the dead,
for they are fearful and distrustful of those things that emerge
from Behinidthe veil, The will must belbent to accepr the pos-
sibility ofthwsch, just asa wraith' will must be bent to accept
the barailessttess of a buller, before amy touch is possible: It ix
asiretched business,

Fetters are the cablés thar hold aywraith in the
Shadowlands, and betioies'they are the anchors that hold a
Wraithissenses frim'dissolying into the Chaos of the Tempest.
They make x what weare

‘A Pelict is ansarichobas, much as tt ig a jailer \
Ach afocus w/shape oe' existence, the dieary passing of the
yene€ and the Auéorentiri madness fundamental 1» Underworld
‘eginteticcssica? away at the s6blyyealusing the wrth to lose
Hlentity and existence nneil = sothe current wisdom has tt
the wit Fertéred wraith may be plucked ftom the Shadowlands
fan Blicled'inco tha rolling. desperate heart of the' Tempean:
‘Though the plight of the wraith ih the Shadowlands be
wterched, $e teas far preferable-to the hellish, chaos of the:
Tempest,

hour

the deck of a'drazon-ship burnt in Oslojord etell was born,
and heard the sagfhing,ngtes of lyces immunédiwith,
Ozymandias

pthese tnbightened rifts, che living are not to solicitous
of thelfdead, and trtiny are now thrust through the Shroud.
with litdle more that they tex from the womb. Yet, it iss
sible fot Sehavorite object.co Hass thrdiigh with ts owner and
be of service in more, chan Ohe'existence..When a thing iso
familly through arcultdimedsase that its owner takes it with:
i rele tobe an insebatable pare his entity, then
shay, by that-token, manifest. in plasmic form along wich its


te inde

here co begin The Underwotld is such «
place"as.to Beggar the imaginations and
‘even Such ai art os:my own — for false
modesty isof of Walue wheté | now reside
‘cannorspeak the tinspeakable, nor ey
Hable even the most agile of ivingmindds to
~ Jebriceive thin. whiclt is inconcevablosave
through pefsanalencounter, Andiyer; Uimilse try,

Sclenee: would Have ey believe thatthe world —~T speak
low of ove Worldawhere thesunis warm andthe yuassis een
== consists of aye Prind energy alte; and altiche sabstusices
and farms to Tefen theteinsate pf the <imélcompanénts,

Te Shadowlands

he Wndeewarldiis inconceivable in its. aie

Universe: Wharever isnot of the Universe

if of Oblivion juste the Earth is hut ne

}) spall part of the Universe, so there isn,

séaall part of the Underworld that care

Sponds unto andifmpinges upon your In=

ing Earth' The regions of this weird territury are the abodes of

the bulk of: Fetterbound wraiths, and are knoiyn a& the
Shadowlands.'

The Shadowlands Wie as ie were, aabwatt arid amidse che
ivinjs material world and derive. mbeh of their Rant foe) it
Parhapsyat dhis point where Unjvers® andantt-Universe con-
verge each takes on something of the other's nature; such philo-
sophicul etinjectutes, however are oF laelé interest to those
Who Must endure here.

Yourulreodly: kw of.the Shadowlands, buf by, afiothet
le. Ie is where those wraiths who nreforbiddérctree passage
to the Hereahiee most often' dwell, andi from:hence that a
whith may see inthe living world, and perchontespeak unco
the living as yellsifboth wraith and living avditor have the
necessary talent

This (thé dons to which Baty spicit-miedims refer

hey speak of the Ether Sethe Astral Plahel Many take

differing nly in proportion and srrangement. Some wo {ur
thee saijing char matters bur a for-of congealed and solii-
fied energy, which ranybe revieaised by che splitindy of Acs
Atomsaimaging, therefore, a World which Fe based norton en-
ergy but entropy = where ngjanivity alone holds sway. and
governs che myriad fopmsof etisteniee! Such, Vam sure; is the
‘way in which Sclence Would déseribe the Underworld
iciserig thar space and cute, mater
reduced to equations and proved by math

el egy nay he
alproatstobe

‘one identity, then the Underworld surely che finat endiay of
the unigersey which unnuses itself while awaiting its oppdinted
task by nanifging sé a place rather d

va Moment

it fo Be the whole of the Undervorld, but they ate deceived
Few living souls even suspecethé retrific realms and waste-
Tands thar lie beyond these bordeflands; and of those few, the
seater art have lefc thelr reagBinin payment for thelr know!
edges

The Shadowkands arewell narved indeed, f6r they cling
tothe outlines of the worldof flesh) aping it as 2 shadow apes
itp casters Rooms, houses arid evens whole cities exivin the
Shadowlands, capping the pretise space and dimensionsas
their arthly Counterparts; while Fhey are not slavish facsimi-
Jes of thelr varthly criginals, they ‘are ble! They.are
dismal places, chough,fimésly lacking i light, joy; and ony-
sing that might gladden thie heart.

Te ie said ambug sucheereatures as myself th
takes unto itsélf the negative f6res fram your livihy
magnetic attraétion, andy having vtken, congeals:
shem-from force to mareer, wich which ic builds itself; ifthis is
$0, ther ft would surely aceptinttor the Shadowlands. uses.
thespage df atbook rakes only the in and che lercers'ishape
frm the printer's plate, sothe Shadowlands take only what is
slbomiy and squalid rom theliving worl
the fordvof ic

Obliviow
world by'
soine form,

|. reratining som


Shodbiylands abut che realms of
the living, communion from one into the
otheris possible only ately. The restless dead
fi may observe the living world, and may even
‘by travelingthfoughithe cor

resporiding Shadonrs -~ but to make orself

wy senor hed by che living isan undertaking
cof great difficulty: To touch or move « material thing ishardér sil
Afontastt eft of wills required o effect material ch
Tivitge wotld— so minch Soithat such effo

are often clumsy and.
imperfectly directed. How many,polterzeis are bu poot walt
frustrated in the effort to perform some simple tisk

Haunts and Nihils

hhece fire, However, some feW'places where
chiigres between the worlds less arden.
Jisst 06 the living are artracted to cereain
laces th theie world — bright cits, Brew
abtains and fashionable spp
ample +0 the de: ein certain
Which, are kriown in lingudsmortwion
ais Fitunts, These places so strongly retain thé substaiice of
death, thar they, b
sedi Of merely smitating

fot ex

Convey:

to shape their living counterparts in

hem. A livingglace thi corresponds
toa popalae Haunt 8 possessed of alcercin aura of dtead aud
gloom) bs ich the miore sehsitive of living souls can kriow!
with unspoken Sertainty thetrhey walk among wraiths. Occue
sionally the Stroud between the worlds is ruptyted somewhat
in these plagesyand

thee

‘Thése are the haunted places 1 sought out inemy brash,
youth) thinking 6 hold-cergress with thé dead And lean all

he dead may manifestito living senses

Citadels and: Necrqpal

et it is NOP to be Suppased that the land'of
theedead depends'solely upon the las of
the-living fon its form andidisposition:
There sre indeed, max 5 where
the reverses the case, and sigh i the Ve

haity of the Necropolisythe city of the deal! A

insti

Ofthave I dreamt, in srearhing days, that ! mavedl a®aighose
\durough some familing séene / observing alllBur dinable to, make
Tayself known to the friends andi loved ones upon whose lives my
ce tlighted. Haw many times bas thar dream repeated itself in
‘waking experience, and how bitter were my tears, that dripped
ot on but phrshgh the Tarvls anid faces that sought to embnice
with fingers of mist! Over time! teaghed! the discipline of mind
equired fo tench, Bunt was pavardaous gna bivteprond, I declare
ic cost me less effoue th life carswam the Mellesponeia ccippled
patodly of Leander, chan ittloes iawr0 do soslightba chin
the page off bySky

the dead secrers of EcernityeHowinuch more foolish I'must
Hlow-oWn dnyself, having érox! thle gloomy halls ds « wraith,
Gnd havingicen wich déad'eyés the deluded folly oforker ghost:
Tunes

a bale isa place'whiere &e diaphragm separatinglife
and death srretchietehipa chert a Nihil ainprick in the Vell
hough whitch sigh ttind — a6, becimes;‘othee things —
any) pabs without indrance' Nihile ar@ hee in the fabric of
ut realty ells that plane directly. into fhe depths of the:
"Tempést, Entropy igdeawn chrough a Nibil byt ihfluence of
Oblivion gust as watthis dravin bygtavity through a hole ing
Teak Bueket, Nihils aneithe &ves from which no explorenne-
igs, atidithe)pools which afirique Sibyl sery. Theyare inped
with répeiblemystery and unexplained events, espectally ap:
pearanceSiand disappenrances Fear ther for they alejsloor
Ways with two sides Sand f€4ensbbad 6 bedengen aims i it
confrofc wha may emerge

‘The dead remain unchanged ftom theif former habituléy
intany particulars: They dwell near One another, seeking safety
in numbees and theprosection of sggonger fellows. Theig vile
lages nnd eitiés ovesiap the cities ofthe Hiving almost without
exception, fot the living are\the-Souice af theigsiealth find
austgharice, The Necronolis, quam sipra sorpsif eats certain

. ci ; a) i -,


kinship to the fleshly city Whose space it Oceupies;
equal partner in the matter of form end likeness

How often, dede teader; have you traversed the gloomy
fetid stéeets and alleys thaclieat the decaying heaRof a great
city? And Bow often, ia such places, have you fel the shrill of
somefess dread though nomoftal calsebe apparent = and
reckons! yourself in a grim/cHarhebor wiphasdy min, Sut fc
the depasition' of your waking senses?/Acich mes) you Way
warrant, You have trod thé'earthly shadow Gf Necropolfs,
The presence of the dead jsatimose runble ri saelrplaces, and
seeps into the living world, ‘shaping. things £6 its own dismal
likeness

When you'find youtselflin siich# plage, Wraw your gar

ment closer about youlinnd wovSiog, Keingithn lint ahat your

The Birra Dents'

Hie is uch in the Uden betides slic
‘Shadojhaid: iadeed, whiole other egfite
nents fie sind the vast unchaited oveonof
the Tempest. Tthe inhabitants Stithe
Shadowlands, chobghy theseare mysterio
and \listante places; consistiniy for she most.
pate in rumor, hearkaysind kuperscicion:

Wilder talesre colttofislunds in dhefFeinbesorhan ever living

The Rolling Tepes

he Termpese‘formsithe greaile part of the:
Underworld ond itaygtendy fester: LRaye
G) ‘endhureduts fary bubeice) dnd. Wish that]

nay never have t6 do\s0 Aang Only tn)

deste for'an' end, rg thie bledkewristence

Would'prompt mesB,irontyahe madness

andieyen the prize of TeaBsccridence

neilufe woiavercomé ny entation

Resipso, plus pasred<-= tinlaheadofaiy diseerstion, abd tnost.
rejurnto che task at hand: my gengeapi infers:

Yet some there are whorméke their dyjelling tn the Tem=

pest. Theit morives mayiot be fathoned by a rational mindy

yet perhaps they find indt&chaorié wildness Sotne Harmony to!
atch their own troubl&d spiriss Thee speetres, a8 they" ate
knowhyare held in gréat.awe and treinbliige Phewane strane,
{o suvive thelr-chosen bode, and shayieasifprovescome the
oor Spiritsavho dwell! if "less perilous chimes Wore, having:
becomnéaceastomed & their hellish abode, theitresscn iB Om-2

Behold duly your own side of ché-mirroe. Por had youthe sight
‘of the dead you would behold worse sighty than ever théwalls
Of the thieves! kitchen witnessed: and plows that wouldshame
to maided Blushing che Bloodsrained paléces offperfidiéus
Byzantium.

‘The Hauricsin a Netropotisiay be inang batall atelinked
by the Kinship of ciryjstreer/And district howndaryjOver all
stands the Gitadel, the acro-netyopolis where dwell. che Hier
ich Anactegns who Tule inthe haune of she Deathlotise'Ti
ar IED ote ngs Poca Ra of
Renegade or Heresy,‘but hy fat the preaterparr is held in the
mailed fist ofthe Hierarchy. Of, hose thanare othetwise, the,
majority differ only in the colors thes fly

voyages Spunvof Hyrcan grild& op glinrerinn Cahilyionyeriot
fabled Eldotayo.:Thest stories enocon the boldeft heat fen
they thay mire Itkely fe tie huh not: The strange beaseand
Pade customs thageonfronted: explorers wer' Gamnmelcdatleast
Dy phiynical law ath cule Of Natures tote discoveries tht may:
‘dvalca ghostly Pi: 00k of Pols inrthe Tempest need have
6 such lin (ction -Few cate eoteavel within the Tempest (or
itis dangerous busines,

pletely fled; <o thar noe can tell whit abyaach being may
ain) andi ceribletare the fort of these reat
nutes, though there is nomehu whose corpus tthe exsenée of
‘rindliness compared ro tt yonietmature,

Worsesthough, chan the dwellers inthe Tempest arethe
téat Maelernoms, that it spawrice vidal waves from che great
iwbelining ocean of the Temmpesisivhich sweep, romixime to)
time into the Shadowlonds, brining madness andcisaster in
their wake. WHO? realnus may besweptaiiay by Maelstrom!
andl ever thellivine world sufferdjreatandininapural carastr>
phes when they appear: Atlantis, Pompeii — cecnithe Great
Fig itself, some sy-— were, but ripples pf the Maelstrom,
chi living mirtone oF pote ehibe/afoot in the Shadowlands,

There ate, howeved 0 numberof Biwayarhrough the Temas
Destlike reuks renetrating the dad artiedigmal forests oF the
‘Balkans. ‘They may be teavelidlswvith greater utety,chah the
Tempest atselfy bur that comparative tel thet inay truthfully
val in, rn fom Like i he ste

choose to do,


brigunds Who seck to prey of unvvaty travelers; ie i norvune
immon, either, (or the beasts of the forest to emerBe onto the
foddyand these heastsare Rot che gentle Wolves and bears of
thé livingworld. Theydo not shrink from the cruck'ofa horse

The ar Shores

smatret L-hésivate vo place BefOre you,
f9t I ds ttch of lend in es nati, andl
ie Bialrhing' f have yoetrded bye personal

éxperientes To my shocked ana jaded mindy

 ie'seems, like early tegengy of Paradise,

J} to have' mosh wisefalness iucits nanuae, ad
Vrtle ih the way of esmublinbled fact eis

MBeld bs cSininon knowledge anions the JeadboweVex und for
that reasori | shall hoc oopteits mention

Tes Soid shar there exist agredt muy realms, Hloatifig like
‘slalid' id ehe:turbulen Gogeimbf the Tempectt stl) Rave
more toosty about certain Aethem Yn time. Those tharshare
the citle of the Har Shores ate Worthy of mention', because itis,
held by soute thayehey ore dielepenitary aferlifey sits taht
Dy-relisiotys authorities,

"The Heréatter of every fh knoiyto the I
found somewhere inthe Tempess avis claimed;

wongall the ral in thie Underworld) the
Greatest s chatofSeyzia, Fouind
ig to tradition, iby Charon himeelf, (eis
the Seat of the Deathlords, and its power
floors over the world of the dead'as that of
ud Rome Once o'éshadowed Europe:
The afest find most numerous, Byways
chroliph the Tempest ares dase thar conduce,the'travilet to.
tholganes of Stggia, {Gc'they are-bftmost traveled, and siost
‘assidllously maintained

Moated souhditie Real of Styria is thé Sea of Souls
Vast and pele ahinamia thac rivals the alghtmare-¥ikiongof
Bosch. Kor « sea Of spuls is truly whariatis = bomid and
Parlletic siphes but as sotind alefense againse the raging Tpro-

x, actorden

whip df che report ofa pistol, and may nét be evaded by ahan-
doning's hors Or two to sate their hunget. The urge to travel
15a petilousone, andbest left unéonsutimared save at the most

pressing need:

Gry beside Here may Be-found all of the belly and heavens
foo, of every race and'creed: There sire those who, 80 So far as
1O.assert, indeed: thar these cea ate crearedjand sustained
‘oy the belief ofthixe soulgwho Seck andi! chem, sind by no
othenfoige,

Myracional mind cbunselt mete Beware of erastini in
‘Sch Minion yet) darthotresisc the delicious irony chat all those
fhuntanyfaiths, ich haveexpended centuties'in warhiwwand
doyinah Sperccurion, BaLrupting nations and Slayshtering
tinnuimbeted séuls co rove the rightness of their tetching and
the falsityiof their énemy's creed! each and ‘every one of
thier Feligions, sayy is righitatnel nde is wrong! Seek and ye
Shall Find, indecd! Surely his is withing tha deserves to be
‘trurhdi,whiancvermay be the actual parciculars.

pei ad sing Boctlouted wall. Beyond this yaseand haptessbourite
tietig dread wall Stypiayvbiece nae eeepd willingly.

Thenable desiza'of Charon is mareed sinee hisahsence,
and-the'Waypost hias become a.prison. "The Deathlords hold
vasticaptivity of coil, whost: presence sustains' yd surenyth?
eps the.resim, ond feeds the power ind ambitigh of their ac
creed files

That miichitekmown of Seyi, and(Ge my pane is all
sazt.to Jenn, Once thous tho-e-ditad alts, ivi said, all
hope flees, sidan ‘exern tyof enkla emient beckonsesave for
thossathojhave achieved Aufficiene staros if the Hi
‘Only theFeerymen wall tdieard Styzia hits
they areéautsous. we


he mention of Fereymen teptoaches me,
that Phaye gone'so far in ny discourse
4) withdue, any but che most personal and
| subjective explanation of theistate in

i Who Guide

Fé Tore of the dead affords especial tespeét
to those called Ferrymeny for theyihiave tt
} in theic powert® conduct the depttedsoul
ce and hazards of

I) the Underworld und she deadly intentions
Raf) of slavers and oxkers of whom L shal write
and,

You lrendy know theiz names: Anubis; Hermes; Brunhild
Nd ber sisters and caany besidespwhose/natues are pres
aul) Unknoiyn save eoiliving scholars andidend paeses felt
said that Charon, who hegae the Hleragehy, and gary some
det from the chaos of the Tempest, wasithe gecatesr of he
Perrytnen during ins time: Though hay, it ig'said, Charon is
Inishing, pnd hicondé#bedins ro crumble, thar isso, then the
fue shall be dreadful one indeed

Those Wo Rul

‘ome cons pais; as Wadition has ity rea
(Chafoh founded the realfo of Stynid) high
fi thegrentest ofthe reafnis in tie Under:
} Wyott. (cs influeniée extendisheyond its
Thorens in-ahe manner 4f atrearth\y.ecn-
ir, ani ing Micacehp i 0 powet
that note may wisle with, The Lords. o
Deith Owe fealryna Charon, buc since his disappearance none
A eiissay whacrheymay doowThetr Legions have been more we
tive oflate; che much iseertaih, and theipabuses more
pread.
Likeany empite of real history, the Hicrarehyjnules
Alhiaush fee chon mild persuasion, and istbased mare opott

whicli Lfind myself, nor feuhave J essayed the predominant
thinking amony my ingorporeal fellows aboutyehy and how
it Bas copie to beso,

i Pecryen tcavelticely through dhe Underworld, suf-
feritie hindrfnee from none: Ie is said thar cheit journeying
maintains ingbme parr the Byways that travérse the Tempesty
Justias frequent rratic: Keeps ajsond troft growing over with
weeds and beconting last. They own no master bur theleown
‘appolnred fritbose; tha uip cite indeed among che dead) ‘and
Speak chore eloquertly bf their piwer chan any oihieAemattee
Eoubdl easaje They nce feared and €ven hated —for the souls
theyeliivare prventéd fron entering thecurrencyjasit were,
of rhe-ungaiet det ~ yer rede
hand froin Opposisig tent: These who"
rravel witha Fereyrmh, butehese har rs travel where
hey willy and may lead one c6 Opekidéstination by A elrct
{ous Fout# Obj eats or'centuriés oF Heyer arrive there swall

as every
pay die price ray

profits offtrade and rhe spails.6F War than upon wilightened
phil6sophy and high migra prise assuls of the Hier
ithustasticatavens of Souls and punish orhers who,
enigipeiin that rrade, they nil anti-ceny/othetsthe right:to
fulevtheindelves, Galling then "Renegades" sind. "Heretfes."
‘Thy are the ehetaius of all freedom.

Thc mich know. Mulch more Fave heatd, dhough as
vii And hetiy oul: 1 shall Or eouble'you with unreliable
alg Baving completed my main ‘plrpose oy desétibing the
Hilerarchy, Id esepttite aay, who love freedom should fear aid
shun the Desthtondsand theie nstniors, for though their sla-
‘envioffers plottctian fim mgny of he Underworld's perl, it
doesnot gtaine protection fronn themneelves.


¢ nan who aceus6 the Deathlards
Feaial of doine away wich heir master Charon to
ee their hands ini the pursuit Of power
a Many sought to dissociate theaiseNesfroan
rchy-apon his disuppearance;
} many more' whio, had never submitted to
the Hieratchy's rile, saw the opportunity
fo Tm this ¢clsin'to'thein own ndvantage/ ahd joined inthe
Hiab csi g against Stygis which took place some ywenty five
years ago) Not singe Grete tase against che Tinkish Yoke liad
Teitresced such scenes of valor, cacrifice and betrayaléicwas
fereble War, and one Tscareely &

The Renegades, as they termed theméelaes, were hushed
Jenidath the Legions! ican heel, hut nor all were destroyed and

Thue Who Hope

ady alluded to, the common be
lief that the Far Shores

though tobe composed! of pure faithner'«
deted-xangible'by the mature of the Under.
world and the quanrity of souls devoted to
the idea of thett reality. Heretics seek fo.
cemnploy this peculiac law of theirsurrouind

ing bh-Greating'a belief arid fosterinypits prowth into'a stable
realm,

If theyloxis

an operation is Gnetous indeed, forthe belief founs
dation use be pure and Constanelf the tesulting edifice, as ie
were, into haveanyhope of sabliy

Some of these Heretics, a8 thay ate dubbed, espouse their
Sreeds becdusé of natural sympathy, others

Ts Who Learn

‘onall the power and Bubrs of the Hiesar
ehy, there are other social bonds among
F the dead where alll may minglelns free

the Stygian Guilds areinor
once Were, those to whoin they
‘open thetedodrsinay be of any-backsround:

ability isthEonly qualifications not weal
Position or allegiance Whar 4

when cellsofi

nt and rebellion lare up front time to tie und
ethieyadopt thename ofthe Renegides alimoseas a
touchstone, They are'scattered) poorly omganized and diverse in
the extreme, Berieath the Renegade beninen/ bandits rub shoul:
es with desir, and lings With revolenionires

Mafty Renegade groups'exist i the Shadowlands. Some,
indeed, have iniiltrarédahe' Hierarchy and workattstutn from
within, This chrcumatance makes the minionsoltheDea honk
Eyer more prone to-eak palntul MesfrUctiOn UO hy poor
sunfortunare Suspected of collosion with therebéley Make cau.
Hlonyolir warchwordé sors Renegades a ule champions of
fivedom, aiding the needy antprotectidhthe weak; others ae
Tio More than swaggerinrbravosypeadycorob, betray and en.
slavethe unwary.

phice op

the-dlierracives: ujceasiog wandering in the Shadowlands,
Grernicy under: the Dyathlords yoke, or 4 pecilous'joumey
throuighythe Tempest coward a possib) IinoneXistent refuge,

Chave fond Hettriesro be more eliable hosts and better
‘allies than either the Micrarchyionithe Renegades; once spe
prised lof the'natute aud wilets of tboitibelief one utay more
safely trust in the couteeof thelr bebiaviog fyscinse both
end alpiatisaiigether to fudoLisboetrgnce:

Dikethe RencRadies, the Hereticsife frearedavithout inercy,
by the Mierirchy, and ings whispered that friendship with Het
vies ah wlone be Rusficlentgrounds for discomporttion at the
ands of rhe Hieratchy,

al

‘The guilds were'onee hey teateae of powers in the Under
‘world Formed by Chart fishelp oreanict-waaiths ix the eho
of the carly days, énly rheyCould@id terms 6 the Hier: archy
for they hiad the greatest power —eefiaroPenowledge. and ity
withholding —+to which-even tha sterhest tyrant mist bend
the knee. But thar days long past)and now the pillds are Bat
reflestfons/of theirformer pokeney., They-are no longer forthal
ongfetion But in), afer of kind Sly
joined in' common spirit and identity


‘Asampng the Iivinig 30 aniong the déad there are seekers
after hidden troth and delvers ito secrets, and of such minds
fie the guilds now composed: Each guards, ceaches and builds
upon itsovn especial Branch of that which passes'fer Seience
among thedeadIn some'enlightened Citadels, chose who sill
‘all v@mselveszald masters gic alongside Anacredns, and add
their wisdoutito governinent! Plsebete, che: tyrants detest:
them aqdlithose openly of yuild affiliation must fear, forthe
prospect of theit wrath if no longer grim. The perfect land of
FP philosophar-kinys is far from mye world as' Tis from yours,
and the loredf the guilds hasbeen stolen ffom thent Theguilds
ate now, BY necessity hidden andixccref its members making
noclaim ofiheiPallesiinge

De Natura Animor

‘othe living, Aigolis an intangible sing,
‘whose price fgoften cheap and whose very
} exisrenee is frequently debated inichisage
I of SclencéMle is onlyafter death tht the
‘soul's ttue value becomes apparent, for sould
agg bothuat rial and Gutrency ih che world
of wraiths. The stability and strength: ofa
realin depends, in lafye}part, upon the quadieity andcharacier
Ohthe souls that dwell there; and the powenof aff individual,
PP oi 6p, Barth, 1s meagured)in the number OF souls under come
Tuund. y
Theimare powerfleniizens ofthisplice can shape souls,
inglting them,copetherlike copper and vin, and pouring them
ino Gbjecsieigome power. Scygian irons mid' to be made:
frotiethe residue of this kepulsive prowess; it is the only aub-
stance chat mney bind the shiftiny plasm of a wraith's corpus,
and js highly prlzed by slavers
‘The poor allayed souls are: bound together in. their new
Toroijatd qietr Vfral spark deives the object in parfGrmanice of
Tspirpdse, The Rathlonts oftentimessenind great gones forged
{fom thousends Feompoubiled souls; theinkcenlngis tertible
whens,
sistas the liviga nuke hr eirsecrletfienes close by the things
fromiwhichicheyiean dr value — tnincs. goad'tillage Ash
inerolinds, tade-foures 29 dOthedead abide etise by the
places wherelsoills ate wont to ross thé divide. Hospitals and.

()

Like Timacus ar Plato's knees bave'fegmed'such things
fiom the guild wraithSas have sustain! me when this drear
existence had elge been insupporrable- Among themylehave:
found thetelosestsympathy, to my own inclinintionséFor chéte
‘who hayé aught ab9ur them of philasopliy, reason, or justice)
the guild haurits Gre havens amid the tim work of thi dead,

Their discipliné Bless indulgent than Lhad foondat Cam
bridges but theymatters ttt they teach ate tnfinirely; more
Sronthwhile, And more thanoneé havethey offered sanctuary
from thise who,woulRave done' a6 harm = s'sinetuary
which ssnotth be despised orglepoiledy J

places of buial are 95 gramatied co, them, nd even the living
may gene their presence theres

More aitiduabsly soughuane thase other places of death
places of éxteution tirkunlleyaavhere setret murder (3 done,
mnills and-uniies where dhastertoomss ond many other such

"dismal spo" Here, thé Reapers = for fue do thep call them
selves — exert eBay arom oftheir influence, like fisiermen
casting ahd roising thelt trawlg € tip the earthly balance to-
‘ward cakaseriphe tend reap wie sesulting bounty,

Wars and madsactesate geéat axtractions, if ephemetit
cones: Greate wravans stalk thé Shadowlands behind living,
‘atmies, in catival mood) like mastic fiilrgoers as they antici
Pate the comfAg'slaughzet Great celebrations follow the tear
nagetand itefeast of s0uls, like che Raroesé festivities upon the
coming of rigrating' whales Ie i fierce holiday.

Should some sudden'snd unforeseen edtastiophie oceut,
the wond goes Out like nes of gol a great rush of wraiths
contests the prise, and dail ke ghe hindm@éte'Ths happens
but rarely, however for thebarvesters of souls keep close watch
Tipon the living, ud disasters dre Antiefpated almiose, without
exceptiG Indeed, a gree Manly sxe planined and engincertd,
aspuielvias the natives ofA mieicd dtove bulfalo over cliffs to

furnish theit hanquéts

Tndeed have lipainced wshoeking plexure Only the god
est of Tatth could thduce'me ro place sich Mystopian visions
efore you, and only Truth may justify'imy deed


fate of most ofthe
} eoullgRtin cn tate Liter ioria elapse
e by death's torich = many.novap.
Ff prcbending dheit reve situation =Ahey are
| seized upart uvidly by thése awaiting them.
} Detestable As slavery is co any rational be
tg, yer in the Underwofld ix gan betimes
he preferable to freedom.

By ancienturid umbreakahle rradicion,ehewmaith who tears
the plasmic Caul from anewly atrived soul claims thé night of
guidathee and is dignified withthe title of Reaper. Path master
ubid part xodparent: the Reaper must giand its few possession
well Not only must thieves be thwarted, bar the neifousd
ayraith muspbe ensured of a good condition, ando maintained,
Tike: bloodstock,as to Bold or increase in efading vahues Il
irearmenr is nor Jo the Reapers interest

Liberty by Coinparison, #ifilled wink érrors: Weak and
ignorant; de Is-cast-unpeordeted into. a world of Predators.
Everyone one meets is a potential slaver, and only by superhu-

) they.

enslaved may dream of freedom, they have no calise-to envy
itsconditions.

Tac

We ow thar Phave drawn the horrors ofth¢Un-
Jervorld In such stirigand teuible colors iv
i) will nocasconisfithe readesto learn that the
} tuain predecupacion Of many Restless ist
| escape theirlot The possibility o
‘sthat whiel lightens this dfeadful existence,
and iti desiredns fervently as the prayertul
desire Heayen's grace: Such. indéed, (rtoay be called ation soe
philosophies though its'¢omnmonplace name is Transcendence

«a word efnbxtying ul thats brighe, hopeful and inspiring in
this dreary and homfte place

such @ tisk

In part, Tranteendlente i the thiowing off of those Fetters
that bind dhe'soul co the world of the living, and thuis'to the
Shadowlands Jost 999 un-Ferteredl soul can beimpeizonesd there,
nonewith Ferrers may hope to escape. ;

But theres more to this Transcendence than the flfillalene
‘of une'sremaining nesroLife; indeed, thedeveringof Fewesilone
is a certain guarantee of destruétion? Loose frogs its ache at
un-Fettered soubmay be sicked into the rtalness df the Tetipest,
there te perish onguffgra work fate. Before Tronscenderice may
beamained, the spinft muse be et peace with itself and posessad

han, foreé and guile\imay liberty be maintained. Though the"

However, to be enslaved, as among the livingyis enter ;
tain thé hope of liberty in soine degrec, Thoseerislaved tothe!) )"
Hiewaschy scck liheny in rank, aspiring 0 the lofty pott of |
Anatteon of Deathlord; Others, likewise,sccktoadeance their
Simhation, Few' seek «
tection dnd Say a world of unthinkable perils,

‘Those\gouls harvested by Renegades chaféiless in their
confinement, for like the rational aud humimistic thinkers of
muy own lifetine (by whose soulsno few eroups, I may,¢ay, hove
heen founded), the Reneyades preach greater respect for the
individual pléeing rhurudl Jeencfiv and Willing cooperation
abovelthé ‘cofmandmerts ofmain forte. Their devotion to.
The ptactice of their philosop AS\inglife, somewhatvari.
able; but the néirfourd are accorded some few personal tights,
by, Which measure their ldnsupersedes that of theenslaved,

As ft those taken byHeterics, cheir eondition depends
upon their own inclinations. Those whowre disposed, by natural
philosophy or willfil intent, t0 believe andiserve che faith of
ahbir captors may hope t prosper; those itho;eannot or, wil.
nor bend t0.ts dictates may be tadled to other mustersand ay
uncetiain fate:

a 8

ofan inet trangaility that Will sce csafeandlundbsnayed throdgh,
the joumepro Transcendence.

The inner darknes? oF the Shadow nist be confronted) ems
braced ond|loaghe into harmonywith theenobler passions; al
conflict and pain nist be smoothed away, leaving the Soul trans
gifland uneroubled egrets dnd dreams must unbundencd from,
the spitic by fulfillment in short, everyarom ofill-feling and
negative thought suse be clésnsed, leaving Oblivion no finger
bok eal snarch hope?

Tianscetierne ivtspiritualjourtcy as wel asa literaL one
day thin or place in «> fargnaaieal a world gs this may be dignified
with the qdalty of being literal and is no less adiousard no les
fraughicwigh peti thin shepilgriniagesot bygscdays, through silt
forest and hile exert tothe great dines ofthe Holy Land,

For all that, it no les porstbleph have witnedsed the Tran
SLéndence of morethian oneswhom {called frend ancl with teat
11 joy pledged myself to the gxme course. all entertin hopes of
‘aching thar Blesselscare in time thus énding may miserablésoe
jour inthis cheetless world. For 1 have Séen those who deny oF
rejectthe hope of Teanécendence, and éling tothe Underworld as

—and I would not Be ns they aegfOr any prize.

Heiven hielpué all


ied

tisfinished; { Raye set downithese matters

un Closely,
these‘wricings may. one day reve you ber-
erthan the reueSficad, andsaveyourfrom
‘all manner ofhhocrbes. pay Eat it maybe

Temwy be rhaecherhingsset down here
appear too fabgasticil for credenee, anid thatyou ure inclined
tontitibycethicm'to the rdvingeot afinatié or che nighrinares
fopiuin, Wher imalkes! inthe fess, much thatts ere would
have begeared everttny imaginarton for all of may brief fifetinac's ¢

lelying into Death'Sin ysrerless
Yetmlany chingsafe here which villjbox be strangey if yal
will only look: at therovaneiv Try these weitibgs ugainst the

4

host stories andiold'wives esles of yonr native Land and you
may be asurei of finding eomespondences. How could it be
otherwise, when theseitales are all rooted in the shine reality?
Let thele Be rap witnesses, and warrant ro the veracity of the
rest ofthe work forall havis bere is tue, by mi-oWwn expert
ence.

Once more 1 wish you well: Perhaps we muy ever méct,
Refe fn che Underworld: thosgh I do not wish ic upon you. For
ow, Salve nique vale, ed if you wish to Oblige-me, Crean-well
those you may meetwho are possessed of gentle and compas-
Sionatelpublss or, without die selfless: entreaties of oné such
cqatuteto soften my selfish heat you would have temained
Agnotdise, and been thruse into the Underworld xs ill-prepared
al


‘The'stench of Death tafarseverthing wessy andio. Lite
is often pointless and devoid of meaning, fintle more than a
journey into Oblivion. The rain fuse won't g6 ait:

Oubfeiifot death fim fife into wnightnare. Theterrcir
of mortality stains our tempor wiletence: sovmith that ee fil
to lives Tess tortiedesus tharescapeberomesparamounc, We
find sefige tn copious quantities of entertiinment, druseand
ses. Some find ic istdéarh itsele

We are Cowards, tod laffaid (stop inning and start ask.
in quiestions.

The fear of éath sisting a' wholé hist of terrors and
Eravings. The most overwhelming fear he have f2
feelings incomplereness and inadequacy. We resent our
ability, fo embrate:lifelas we shouldy and' we loathe 1

that our fear ofdeath bras overs

We so Seldomdo what is falfling, We are socialized 10)
follow the dictates of ottiers, ahd Suppress aur own natural Ge
sites and impulses. "As we grow old
more tesenrful, We witch our Ufeams slip away fron us,
‘our Cowntdice haunts us tthe endiof our days,(and beyond),
"The fey toiich offfear sits on our shouldérs, bur seldom do we
fealize what inig we fear

welbecome more

It death, of course the immoreal fearof nothingness

We are, all offus, borh sitidow ard tiphr, animal'and hii-
‘man, body And lind. -The'mind cat teason: the body cannior
yet the bodystiliiean sénseanid teact/ Howeverit possesses)
its own logic, whieh does not always jretapose with the logic

Alife which disappears once and forall, which does nob return; is like a shadow
Without,wetghit, déadith advance, and whether it was horrible, beautiful/Or

Sublime. .means nothing

— Milan Kundera, The Unbedrible Lightness of Being

Of the mind, ‘The body Exists in_a different World. from the

mind, ayalm ofinstinerand emotion,

Animal existence ® based Oo Bacternise| Survival and re
prodiction are the purposes ofthese evolutionary programmed
patterns. Change.in a parrerisignals danger Change in a
hunting patrer) sleep pattem, eating pattern, mating pattern
for migration, pattem can signal thesarrival of « predator,
rockslide ora sudden Jack of food.-'To an animal, change is @
warning thatdeath litks around the'comer.

Ouronimal bodies conrifiue to reactin this way, even when
we know that death is nowhere near! "Any sort Of change can.
‘evokesthis instinctive fear, The mind ¢an repress ity ignore it
‘or even prompt the ehange our of spiteybut the animal/bodyf
shadow alivays makes iiself felt. Pears a part of life; it jp sat-

Althalsare survival machines, each Creature Ue pinn
ofebolution, each possessing profound capsacty for fear: Ea
of tis here hecause every fiber of our being isnfused with a
willie fight ore atthe slightes- bine of rroubley What was
once pur salfationis now our damnation.

Jn rhemodém world) death but iry telly chat to Your
bodys
line rusk? The fears of chebody clash with the aspirations of
the minid!and will:\ We kill our @pitatioits and hopes out of
fear, fear that death is coming:

rowing! who jumps Out-at you doesn'e stop she arene

We chéese ingompletengss and inner dissatisfaction over
the irnaffonal terror of death. In doinitsa, We become less whole
give up on life and embrace njhilisw. We erabrace noth


ingioblivion itself. ‘The tragic irony of our lives is that we die
without‘ever having lived. Such a waste. What a pity

Our vehicle in this game for ex
life is the holl

you are uifssing even'thar, you are gone.) You are nothing,
Oblivion has swallowed you whole.

‘To understand ths game, yo
your on fear jour own d
subject, bur then againyneither isa
with it. Ge



\S, WHEN aes 3 S ENS.
a9 Hui 5 DEALHLY PALLOR
a a: ct

FEMAND SS BACIS 8 «hile

Renee

HEY OO. At. Fu
‘

f Pe cf BT SBICEN



Chap

er One:
Introduction

He who pretends to look upon death without fear, les

are all, at one level or another, game play.
OJ) crsand storytellers. Through our games, we
transcend our daily routines; through our
stories, we feed the spark of wonder inside
usall. Through both, we express our tal
ents and, in the process, entertain ourselves
and omps

The book you hold in your hands is both a game and a
vehicle for storytelling. It will allow you to assume the role of
a wraith — a tortured, passionate creature trapped between
and life. You'll have the chance to tell stories about your

In the end, this game is more about you than it is
about ghosts, for the sto

Although Wraith is a game, itis more concemed with
storytelling than it is with winning. Wraith is a tool enabling
you to become involved in tales of passion and madness. If
you've never done this kind of thing before, you may be con
fused by the whole premise of a storytelling game. Once you
understand the basic concepts, however, you'll find that
storytelling isn all chat strange. Indeed, itis something you've
done all your life.

You are going to weave wondrous tales
hope and intimate tragedy. The heart of the stories is you: the
wrth. These stories will likely capture your imagination and
involve you far more deeply than any play or movie does. This

me from what is within you.

stories of fragile

an-Jacques Rousseau

is because you're inside the story as an active participant, not
just an observer.

<

Stonteling

§) broughoue the inhabited world, in all cmes and
under every circumstance, the myths of man
have flourished; and they have been the living
BA) inspiration of whatever else may have appeared
| out of the activities of the human body and &

mind.

Joseph Campbell, The Hero with a
Thousand Faces

Long ago, before movies, TY, radio and books, people used

to tell each other stories: stories of the hunt, legends of the

gods and great heroes, or gossip about the neighbors. They 9 IN

would tell these stories aloud, as part of an oral tradition of
storytelling — a tradition that has largely been lost.

We no longer tell stories — we listen to them, passively
waiting to be picked up and carried to the worlds others cre-
ate. We have become slaves to our TVs, permitting an oligar- 8
chy of arrsts to dictate our culture t0 us

Ic need not be this way. Storytelling on a personal level
can once again become a part of our culture. This is essentially


told to us, but stories we tell
others. Through the game and art of collaborative storytelli

new stories and claim the ancient myths and k

orytelling allows us to under
I with which to explain our
looking at our culture, ou

texts, we can understand th
Storytelling is entertainin,
itisson
a purpose to it: of that there is no doub.

Roleplaying

Wraith is not only a storytelling

ation with stories has

ime, but a roleplaying
game as well. You nor only tell stories, bu
them by
like theatre

aly think back to
ons spent playing

you roleplay. They ar
"Bang! Bang!
deeper sense
progress of

yyed with nearly any numb

games in general are best when there are six or

fewer players. The mystery and flavor are diminished when

players must compete for attention

The storyteller

Wraith is structured a little differently from the games with
which you might be familiar. Inthe frst place, the
involved. Second, one player needs to be d
the person who cre:

Being the
Monopoly™
money. The

ters as a result of what the players say and do. She
the characters succeed or fail, suffer or prosper, live or dic
Storytelling is a very demanding task, but it is equally reward
ing, for the Storyteller is a weaver of lege

The Storytellers p
players have a good tim

ty is to mal


tale, Unlike traditional storytellers, however, the Storyteller
doesn't simply tell the story. Instead, she creates the skeleton
ofa story and then lets the players flesh it out by assuming the
roles ofits leading characters. Storytelling in Wraith is a care
ful balance between narration and adjudication, between story
and game. Sometimes the Storyteller must set the scene or
describe what occurs, but mostly she must decide what occurs
in reaction to the words and actions of the characters. She

must be as realistic, impartial and creative as possible

As the Storyteller, you are in charge of interpreting and
enforcing the rules, yet you are also an entertainer — you must
struggle to balance your two roles. Most of this book was writ
ten to help you do just that. It won't make being a Storyteller
‘easy, because it never will be easy, but it will make you better
ait

‘The role of the Storyteller is explained in much more de-
in Chapter Three.

The Players

Most Wraith players will noc be Storytellers. They will
instead assume the roles of the central characters in the story
Beinga player does not require as much responsibility as being
a Storyteller, bur it does require just as much effort and con-
centration

‘Asa player in a Wraith chronicle, you assume the pe
sona and role of a ghost, whom you invent and then rolep|
cover the course of one or several stories. The life of your char-
acter isin your hands, for you decide what the character says
and does. You decide which risks to accept or decline. Every
thing you say and do when you play your character has an
feet on the word.

The player must also be an actor. As an actor, you speak
foryour character and act out whatever you want your charac
ter todo or say. Whatever you say, your character says, unless
you are specifically asking a question of the Storyteller or are
describing your actions. By announcing and describing to the
other players what you are doing, you become a part of the
ongoing story

Asa player, you try to do things that allow your character
tosucceed and thus "win the game." This strategic element of
the game is esential, for itis what so often creates the thrill
and excitement of a dramatic moment.

Often, after deser

w thections "you" want to take, you
must make dice rolls to see if your character succeeds in doing
what you have illustrated with words. Your character's Traits
numeric descriptions of her strengths and weaknesses —
dictate how well your wraith can do certain things. Actions
ane basic elements of Wraith, for they describe how characters
change the world and affect the course of the story.
central to a story, for they alter and direct
the plot. Without characters, you can't have a story. As the

Characters

direct and energize the progress of the plot.

To some extent, each player is an assistant Storyteller
Players should feel free to add ideas and clements to the story,
although the Storyteller may accept of reject them as she sees
fit. In the end, a good story isthe most important goal. Pl
‘ers, characters and Storytellers work to
come alive.

Characters

Many different elements compose what we like to think
of as the "self" — too many, in fact, to separate or ide
truth, we really don't know who of what we are. We wear many
masks. It is from this essential diversity of self that our desire
and ability to pretend to be someone else origi

ther to make a story

Characters are the literary versions of real people
are not real, but they do capture some aspects of res
when you enter the world of the story can your cl

some complete. They are real only with you as the animating
force — the soul, if you wish. Never treat your characters as
projections of yourself (even if that's all they are). Treat them
as unique individuals, as works of art, or as fragile expressions
of your poetic sensitivity. You must treasure the characters that,
you create

‘Wraith characters are easy to create. It takes less than half

an hour to choose all che Traits that describe your character. It
takes more time and effort to turn this collection of numbers
into a living, breathing (or, in this
unbreathing) character. You must reach deep inside yourself
to find enough that is real and true to produce a complete
character. The Frankenstein monster was easily assembled from
available body parts; it was the breath of life thar proved diff
cult.

Character creation is discussed in g
ter Five.

er detail in Chap-

the object is not to defeat the other play
| ers. To "win" at all, players need to cooper-

) scorytelling game, there is no way for one
person to claim victory. From the bes
Wraith chi

ning, ¢ damned to

etemity. The malevolent force known as Oblivion
:ps beneath the surface of th ds, while
‘mad ghosts and nightmare creatures overtly threaten the char-


P acters. With such powerful forces arrayed against you, the true
‘measure of success in Wraith becomes survival.

If, however, a character has some overwhelming motiva-
tion (such as a need for vengeance), accomplishing this goal
also becomes a measure of success. Stories and extended
chronicles often come to conclusions that either benefic or
harm the characters. If the players can turn stories to their
characters' advantage, they have "won," at least for the mo-
ment. When a group of wraiths manages to track down a cor
rupt politician who has threatened or destroyed people or places
that the wraiths hold dear, those wraiths have "won" a tempo-
rary victory If that politician has powerful friends among the
occult underground, however, attacking that politician may
be a dangerous exercise in the long run. A "victory" under
these circumstances can become worse than defeat.

In order to achieve even partial victory, the characters

must usually become friends, or atleast watch out for one an-

other and have a modicum of crus in each other. The World

of Darkness is so dangerous that trustworthy allies are essen
A divided group will not survive for long.

Playing Aids

For the most part, Wraith was designed to be played around
a table. Though the game does not require a board, a number
of prope require a table to use properly. Dice, pencils, paper,
i photocopies ofthe character sheet are the only other things
you will really need. The dice required are 10-sided; these you
‘can purchase in any game store. The Storyteller may also want
to hava paperon and in order & skerch our a setting (making
it easier to describe to the players), as well as a few other props
to show the players what the characters see (photographs,
ches, ‘scarves = anything to\make the experience more

ivid),

Live-Action

Live-Action roleplaying can be the most dynamic and fun
part of playing Wraith. Live-Action roleplaying is similar to
improvisational theater: the actors (the players) act through
the scenes created and introduced by the Storyteller. This cre-

ich more intense and immediate storytelling expe

ence.
Players in a roleplaying game generally describe what their

characters do

id even say. During Live-Action roleplaying,
however, players actually do whae their characters do and say
what their characters say (within limits). They can stand up,
walk around, hold up a letter, shake hands, or rush to a win-
dow to see what is going on. Of course, imagination is still
important, and the Storyteller may still interrupt the action to
describe objects and special situations.

No dice are used during Live-Action sessions; alternate
rules, like those given in White Wolf's Mind's Eye Theatre

3 Wadia

line of Live-Action products, take the place of dice when
needed. For the most part, everything is decided through act-
ing. The Storyteller simply uses the characters' Traits to de-
cide how well the characters manage to perform certain me~
chanical actions (such as pickinga lock). The Storyteller must
also decide how the other Storyteller-run characters react to
the players' characters.

Rules

You must follow a few basic rules to ensure that Live-Ac-
tion roleplaying progresses smoothly and safely. These rules
must be obeyed if you intend to run any Live-Action roleplay
ing at all. Safety is always a primary concern

* Don't Touch: A player should never actually strike or
grapple another member of the troupe. No sort of combat
should ever be performed — that is one thing you should leave
for the dice to decide. Live-Action playing involves only talk-
ing, nor fighting. Ifplayers or Storyteller assistants get too ram-
bunctious in their roles, the Storyteller should call a time-out
from the acting and remind everyone of the rules of play. Re-
peat offenders should be asked to leave, of the action should
be returned to a table and conflicts should be resolved through
dice rolls.

# No Weapons: No props can be used if they must touch
another player to be effective. No real weapons of any sort can
ever be handled at any time during Live-Action roleplaying,
Nor even toy guns can be used. The "no touch" rules must
always be in effect.

* Play Inside: Play inside your own home or in whatever
private area the game normally takes place. Make sure that
‘everyone else in the area understands what you are doing. Never
perform Live-Action if passersby may be confused or fright-
‘ened by the event. If you play outside, such as in the woods
behind your house, make sure privacy is maintained.

* Know When to Stop: When the Storyteller cals for a
time-out, all action must immediately stop. Even during Live-
Action (especially during Live-Action), the Storytellers word
is final.

Wraiths

B] ou would know the secret of death

‘But how shall you find it unless you seek it in

the heart of life?

‘The oul whose night-bound eyes are blind unto

the day cannot unveil the mystery of light

If you would indeed behold the spirit of death,

‘open your heart wide unto the body of life.

For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
—Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet


Though death terrifies us, it also fascinates us. Through-
out history, man has glorified death, v ear in atich
tapestry of rite, pageantry and destru icience strives to
stay the Reaper's hand, while art and faith seek to draw back
his awful hood and touch his pallid face.

Death, in Wraith, is nor an ending;
nply the end of one journey and the

The majority of souls pass on quickl bly into either
Transcendence or total Oblivion. Wraiths, however, are the

ically lost their way on that

spirits of the dead who have tra
road. They are mired in their pasts, their n
unfulfilled deeds. Wraiths' overpowering
ed, they forbid them from the final sleep.
nd

'assions allow them

to cheat death,

Some wraiths are driven by bitterness wer, while others

pursue idea innor deny them,

10 powerful that even death
by a longing for fulfillment denied them in
life, while others cling to the Earth in terror of what might
wait beyond,

ld,

aspiritual half-world between the living lands and an unknown

These Restles find themselves trapped in the Under

ctemity. Here, they are surrounded by a persistent vision of

decay. Though wraiths may temporarily manifest themselves

inthe physical world, of even possess mortals, they are

to wander forever, fettered to the world they left behi

any wraiths are the products of sudden, violent or cruel
deaths, deaths that came before they had a chance to resolve
important life issues. Such wraiths may dwell briefly in the
Underworld before they accept death and pass on. Player char-

nd Fetters that

acter wraiths, however, have profound Passion:

bind them to their lost lives, and are likely to remain in the

Underworld for a lon

The Underworld

Between life and death, between Transcendence and

Oblivion, lie Stygia, the Shadowlands and the Far Shores.
These spiritual reflections of mortality, collectively referred to
as the Underworld, tantalize wraiths with reflections of the
life they have forever lost

Very few dead actually end up in the Underworld; wraiths
disagree as to why this may be. Some say that the Underworld
is merely a waiting room for unbelievers, a temporary way sta

tion between Earth and eternity. If this is true, some wraiths
have been waiting for quite a while, with no end in si

wraiths postulate that mos
into Oblivio
very air

has grown fond of the taste of souls; each year, more mortals

the embodiment of nothingness that ti €
the Underworld. Ifthis is true, then hungry Oblivion

fall into the Void. Some optimistic wraiths postulate that re
incarnation exists; one Heretical sect even embraces Oblivion

as the wellspring of reincarnated souls. The possible truth be

hind this idea would be cold comfort to the wraiths; the karmic


if such exists, has left them behind, stranded in the
orld.

Whatever the nature of the Underworld may be, wraiths
are stuck with it. Though the Restless are not without power,
¢ or Oblivion allows them to leave the

4B) option has returned to tel of it. Fear, then, binds the Restless
fa to the Underworld: fear of judgment or annihilation.

Wraith Characteristics

‘Wraiths have certain innate abilities. Systems for these
abilities are given on pg. 124.
* Deathsight
Wraiths see a world tinged by death everywhere they look
Oblivion's influence colors the Shadowlands; a new sports car
‘appears scratched and dented, statues appear chipped and erumn-
J bling, and people close to death have a corpselike pallor.
Wraiths can see the degree to which Oblivion has affected
someone or something. With this insight, the Restless may
assess an object's weak spots ora living person's general health.
© Lifesight
Wraiths are also able to perceive the life energy in all be-
ings. A wraith can interpret the "life aura" of a being, thereby
IX cetermining that being's mood, identity and level of hostility.
fen the most shallow, transparent person usually has several
different colors composing his aura. The colors of the aura may
shife in a predictable cycle or completely at random, accord-
Bing to the current emotional state of the character. Few auras

cean lighten, darken or mix an aura's hues.

* Heightened Senses

All wraiths are hypersensitive to sensory input. A wraith
can hear a whisper a block away of read a license plate off a
speeding car with ease. The flip side of this is that they are
often startled by loud noises or dazzled by bright lights.

Wraiths have the ability to pass through solid objects in
the Shadowlands. However, to do so requires the wraith to

a small amount of her essence, oF Corpus. In this way,
‘wraiths can pass through walls, people, or barrages of machine-
un fie relatively unharmed.

The Shadow

In death, there is no place to hide from the dark side of
the soul. All that is feared, hated, suppressed and denied takes
on a sentience of its own in the Underworld. This sentien
called the Shadow, i the bane of Restless existence. Thanatos,

thesiren song of Oblivion, forms the dark side'
joodness, hope, power, sheer will — all fall before
the Shadow.

The Shadow does not always rule a wraith, but it forms.an
inextricable part of her being. It is nota crazed creature, but a
malicious, malevolent and subtle force. The Shadow isthe core
of a wraiths unconscious; as such, it has access to all of her
powers, memories and associations. It is the most terrible en-
emy a wraith can have.

Ie will plot and scheme. It will whisper and torment. And
in certain circumstances, it will take on a life of its own, be-
coming a demon whose only motivation is its own destruction
as a release from its own pain. The Shadow's ultimate soa
to force its hast to embrace Oblivion.

Many Wraith tales revolve around combating the
stopping its plots before it goes too far. In the end, every
contains within herself the seed of her own tragic destruction;
all are driven toward Oblivion.

Transcendence

Alife perhaps was spumed, who knows?

A chance at happiness was there and given up,

‘And yet finally, at whatever price,

This THunc grew out of it, not easier than life

And yet completed and so perfect — as if

Te were no longer too soon to laugh and soar.

— Rainer Rilke, "The Lace II"

‘To deny that something exists beyond the Underworld
would be to close one's eyes out of fear of truth. Many deny it
anyway, claiming that only Oblivion waits for the unwary.
Other Restless believe that even the Underworld is but a pure
gatory through which they must pass before attaining higher
state. Wraiths refer to this other state as Transcendence. Pass-
ing from the Underworld into Transcendence requires the sur-
render of the self and the embrace ofall the lessons of life and
death.

Does Transcendence lead to a final Heaven or Hell? Is the
result a new incamation in the karmic cycle? Or is the whole
idea a sham, some Shadow's way of feeding Oblivion? No one
knows. Transcendence is a one-way voyage to an unknown
destination. In any event, reaching Transcendence requires
passage through the Void, the core of Oblivion. The thought
of the Void paralyzes most wraiths with fear.

Needless to say, most wraiths do not seek Transcendence.
In fact, they dread it. Some call Transcendence "Judgment," a
final accounting to some higher power for the things they have
done. Few Restless would stand naked in Divine Light will-
ingly; most feel beyond redemption. Given the choice, they
would remain bound to Fetters forall time. Better the damna-
tion they know than the mystery they fear.


Do Not Go Gentle

Wraith is a game about death, loss, i

n and iden:
tity, but it is also ind emotion. In
plying Wraith, you will be co
you as well as the dark
consumes the Unde

cence. They can fight

ithin
but characters can mé

ces of Oblivion within th
1s well as those around them in the realms of the dead,

lexicon

Common Palance

Angst: The power of the Shadow
Arcanum, The: A da
gators and hunters. Caveat

cous group of occult investi

Artifact: An ol
special powers

ct that has been altered to give it

been missing for deca
Circle: Any group of wraiths
Citadel: An individual stronghold within

Necropolis.

is 10, buc ater

wraith,

seven leaders of the Hierarchy.

tory held by a wraith o

Domain: A
of allied wraiths.

Do come
ality, and the e 9, alternatively, when
the dead will walk the Earth.

Drone: A wraith who has lost its sentience and iden.

tity

Enfant: A recently deceased wraith. An Enfant is

siac, and a Caul covers his face, altering his per-

ceptions of whateve

The: Distant realms in the Tempest, of-
o mortal beliefs about the afterlife.

a wraith to her old life and

jon thar taught a

Guild: In times past
particular Arcanos to its members. Th

lds were disbanded

Harrowing, The: The nightmare ride throug
Tempest that periodically torments his existence and

Harvest: To gather the newly dece
Reaper and mentor or

Haunt: A place in the Shadowlands where death has
a presence and wraiths are more
Hierarchy, The: Th

in the Underworld. The Hierarchy was origin

rest organization of wraiths

Charon to assist wrait ning Transcendence. Over the

centuries, however, it has become corrup
Heretics: Those who be
afterlife awaits wraiths who Transcend their cut

Hell: Any of countless
nal, real, honest-

goodnes

alms claiming to be the origi
ictual Hell

that they are known collectively as the Thousand Hells, of

simply "the Thousand."

Host: A person possessed during Puppetry.

Legions: The army, police and enforcement arm of

Lemure: A young wraith, only recently deceased.

Maelstrom: Terrifying storms that occasionally en:

velop the Shadowlands; they are to the Tempest what Jupiter's

Red Spot is to an earthly hurricane

Malfean: An elder spectre or beast of the Void.

oli reflect the

Nephandi: Mages who have turned to Oblivion,
Nihils: Pits in the Shadowlands that |
Underworld, usually dumping the wraith straight into the Tem-

Oblivion: The negation of all things. L

tropy, Oblivion, in its purest form, is an ordered state, The
Void is its physical manifestation (or lack thereof)


forged from the souls of the dead.
Pathos: Emotion; the "food" of the spirit world.
Plasm: Any ectoplasmic substance; the spiritual stuff
that makes up wraiths and their belongings alike
Projectors: Living travelers in the Shadowlands.
Quick, The: Another term for the living.

Reaper: The wraith who first removes the Caul from
an Enfant.

Relic: An ectoplasmic object brought by a wraith from
the living lands,

Renegades: Wraiths who have banded together to
overthrow the Hierarchy. Their indi

Restle

idual motivations va

the: Another term for wraiths in general

Shadow, The: The darker half of a wraith's persot
ity. lemust be mastered before the wraith can Transcend; con-
versely, it may eventually gain mastery over the wraith, fore~
ing her to embrace Oblivion,

Shadowlands: The aspect of the Earth inhabited by
wraiths. From here, wraiths can (with some difficulty) inter-
act with the living or meet with Awakened creatures. The
Shadowlands form an outer "shell" over the rest of the Under-
world.

mber, The: The sleep cycle of wraiths

Spectre: A wraith whose Shadow has become domi-
nant

Stygia: The la
home of the Hierarchy.

st realm in the Underworld. It is the

‘Tempest, The: The eternally raging storm of the Un-
derworld — it hinders passage between the inner realms and
the Shadowlands, and collects the nightmares and memories
of those who pass through it

‘Terminals: Small, rundown realms in the middle of
the Tempest that serve as way stations for those traveling to
Stygia. Terminals are grim, Kafkaesque places where Ferrymen
rest and unruly passengers are sometimes abandoned.

Thrall: A wraith in subjugation to another ofits kind.

Tithe: The amount of Pathos due a wraith from a Fet-
terora haunt,

Transcend: To leave the Underworld completely and
move on to whatever awaits beyond.

Underworld, The: The land of the dead. It includes
the Shadowlands, the Tempest, the Void, and all the realms
therein

Void, The: The nothingness at the heart of the Tem-
pest. See also Oblivion.

Wraith: A spirit who has died bur remains attached
world, Wraiths are also known as ghosts or "the

tothe
Restless."

Advocates: Powerful wraiths of a Heretic cult dedi-
cated to recruiting souls for a realm in the Far Shores. They
are persecuted and hunted by the Hierarchy.

Agency, The: Nickname for the bureaucracy of the
Hierarchy.

Arisen, The:

Those who have passed on to Transcen-
dence.
‘Consort: The host possessed by a Puppeteer
Eidolon: The higher, more enlightened aspect of a
personality.
Legacy: A Fetter with powerful personal ties to a Rest
less soul

Onyx Tower, The: Charon's palace; also used to d
| of becoming one of Charon's servants.

cher: A wraith who possesses the living
Boo Job: Any
Boojum: A generic word used to describe hostile ere
tures and/or Tempest dwellers.
Brain Sucker: A wraith who uses Phantasm or the
lesser Puppetry powers
Creepshow: The Tempest.
Doomshade: Slang for spectre.
Dothead: A wraith who was a hanger-on in life, fol-
lowing fickle fashion and fads without real contribution.
Flesh Freak: Derogatory ide.
Hellbound, The: Nickname for a wraith thought to 8
be well on his way to domination by his Shadow.
Juice: Pathos.
Meat: Mortal flesh
Meat-Chains: The human body (which tiesdown the pit).
Mitty: A wannabe who never was —
never fulfilled their dreams while living.
Molemen: Dero
have experienced the "tunnel of
rooger Slang fora wrath who uses Phantasm frequently:

Skinlands: The physical world in which mortals
side; therefore, "Skinlanders" are the Quick.

ormrunning: Traveling in the Tempest.

Tag: Using An
for nonlethal duels.

cempt to scare off the living.

wraiths who

cory term for those who claim to
ght."

nos on other wraiths for practice ot


Chapter Two:
Setting

Think you God built this place, wishing man ill
And not lusts uncontrolled or swords tmsheathed?
Not God, my friend. The truth
These halls were carved by men while yet they breathed.

Alan Moore, "Amongst the Dead Men," Swamp Thing

he world of Wraith is a dark reflection of Shadowlands. Setting, however, is more than simply maps and
‘our own. Here, beauty and corruption stand places. The dead have a culture and society of their own, one a
RACY] outinereater contrast; everythingismono- that mirrors the living world in strange and twisted ways,
ANHAI| lithic, majestic and altogether twisted.

‘Though faith and human spirit remain |

J} secong, greed and despair seem stronger still e ot IC- un
many revel in the flames of the last d

‘The world of Wraith isa world of darkness, where ghosts walk

ds, books and movies distract their audiences;

marks remain in place. In the World of Darkness, howe

he nigh my companion, ad solide my

the supernatural lies close to the surf
night's shadows.

, barely hidden by the

» though few

—Sarah McLaughlin, "Possession" Q

The world of Wraith is not our own,
though the two milieux resemble each

feryone can sens
understand what they feel.

The lands of the dead certainly contribute to the ambi-
ence of the living world (called the Skinlands by wraiths). The any ways. The World of Dark-
‘echoes cast by the Underworld leave their mark upon the ects and embodies the passion and
Skinlands. Player characters, the Restless, are products ofboth decay beneath our civilized veneer. We all feel drawn to the
world. romance, terror and mystique of death. Here, in the Goth
Punk world, we can explore that mystique in a setting woven
from our darkest dreams.

ness re

This chapeer describes Wraith's setting in detail: from the
cosmology of the Underworld to the geography of the


H urbs a "haunted hou

Externally, litle differs between our world and the
of Darkness — the established religious, social and political
we know. The World of Dark:

ronment — the cities are laby-

D institutions are much like thos
ness, however, isa film noir en\

portant people have skeletons in their closets. Gh
folklore — they exist, though few morta

are not
Sothic" describes many of the world's physical features
massive, brooding, dark and ominous. The sense of
sion and conspiracy is much
to be done with an ulterior purpose in mind. Buildings are hug
looming edifices, often encrusted with gargoyle:
statuary. Houses often stand for centuries, ¢

J other
‘ng many sub-
ambience. Corporate and government
agents are faceless and impersonal, dressed severely in black
suits and ties. Institutions of all types are more conservative
and resistant to change. Fashion and society have a medieval
ind superstition is rife

is the other half of the equation. The countercul
ture of the cities, sick of the oppressive physical and social
ibleau, rebel with words, dress, music and often violence. The

downtown cores of the cities are filled with underground clubs,

street gangs and bands inciting aggression and revolution.
‘Constant rain and fog blanket the cities. Crime is depressingly
common, and people generally seem tous

cal than in our own world,

id more eyni-

Though the dead can and do touch this living world, they
cexist in a spirit landscape pervaded by decay. They can

this land for short periods of time (if they have the powers to

do so), but sooner ot later they must return to th
They are visitors among the livin
catalysts, but ultimately strangers.

Each troupe will have different preferences for the setting'
mood. Some will prefer brooding Gothic ambience over harsh
Punk rebellion, while others will want things the other way

around. The Storyteller should feel free to use whatever Gothic
or Punk elements she prefers, to whatever degree she desires.
Wraith is, however, largely a game of mood. Without a suit-
ably tense, strange atmosphere, the game can lose much of its
flavor.

In the end, you must decide what Gothic-Punk really.
means. The tone and mood are subtle and impossible to de
scribe fully in words. It is up to you to imagine things as you
wish, and to create the world of your dreams.


here isa dreadful Hell,
And everlasting pains;
There sinners must with devils dwell
In darkness, fire, and chains.

Isaac Watts, Divine and Moral Songs

for Children

"The Underworld" is a collective term describing the

sunless lands of death. The Shadowlands, Stygia, the Far Shores
nd the Tempest are geographical locations (ifthe afterlife can,
be said to have a geography), while Maelstroms, Nihils,
Necropoli and Haunts are aspects of these larger locations.
Oblivion, the end of all things, pervades the Underworld;
erything in these haunted realms bears death's mark.

Atmosphere: A Hope in Hel

There is both great passion and crushing sorrow in the
Underworld. To the souls trapped here, the afterlife is dim and
painful. Yet beyond the pain, hope beckons. The Shadowland
purgatory is dangerous, ugly, and filled with reminders of the
unfulfilled lives weaiths have left behind. Nonetheless, con-
sciousness and identity live on, and where there is survival,
there is hope. Spirit form allows the dead some abilities un-
known to mortals, and wraiths possess unique and cogent in-
sights into reality. Willpower and the human spirit can engen-
dderhope, strength and defiance, even when faced with night
marish despair.

Costoloey

Darkness, darkness

Be my blanket

Cover me with the endless night

Take away the pain of knowing

— The Youngbloods, "Darkness, Darkness"

The Underworld — comp the Shadowlands, the
‘Tempest, Stygia and the Far Shores — is the netherworld in-
habited by the dead. The Shadowlands, the Far Shores and
roughly correspond to "continents" and islands"; the
id separates

below the Tempest's surface

PR

Oblivion is the aspect of reality from which all destruc-
tive energy stems, the place where entropy deposits the energy
that it steals. This lightless void personifies annihilation,
obliteration of every recognizable thing and every shred of iden-
tity.

Asthee

ind source of entropy and death, Oblivi

is not so much the ultimate source of evil as it is a fundamer
tal element of realty. Along with the other great forces of na

ture, Oblivion fills a necessary role in creation — the destroyer

of substanc

All things must come to an end: the corrupt must

be cleansed and the old must give way to the new, which e
tually becomes old and must give way in turn, Existenc
cycle, and Oblivion is the catabolist of that cycle.

The Underworld, crafted as itis from the death of all
things, bears the perpetual stain of Oblivion, Everything in
the dead lands reflects the passing of is living counterpart. To
the Restless, all bur the strongest sources of life appear to be
at peels on crumbling wall

dying: flowers seem withered, p
and sick or corrupted mortals wear their approaching d
like invisible masks. This has always been true; as Oblivion.
exp nt of death has darkened the Under-
world to hues even the most ancient wr

ids, however, th

iths have never seen.
saving lived, the

lefcis the worst nightmare a wraith

And because most ghosts died without truly
obli thi

tion of

Souls: The Font of Power

Souls itis said, are the atoms of reality the fundamental. §
building blocks upon whi
Every g in the Underworld is, to one degree or another,
composed of souls. Thus, souls form the backbone of Unde
world trade. The Restless harvest new and old souls alik
hoarding then
tussymbols. The
cannot compare with the brisk trade in souls that drives the &

Underworld

h everything else is constructed.

souls forms the be
rock of Stygian economics. The system has been in plac
too long and means too much to too many for reforms to have
much effect. Most power and influence in the Underworld are

measured in souls, and such power is not an abstract social

concept — itis very direct and measurable commodity. Souls
are energy, pure and simple — the almighty gold of the Under- 9
world

The Shadow Trade

Most souls disappear upon their mortal body's death,
‘Some of these souls are believed by some wraiths to Tran.
scend; many plunge directly into Oblivion. Other

Enfants — wander a bit, their energy ripe for picking
Wraiths known as Reapers snatch up the majority of these
Enfants for one purpose or another. Only a fortunate few

Ir is from the second

up that Stygia and its outlying
colonies ply their trade
shackles. Even experienced wraiths must rake care to avoid
buckalley ambushes or judicial sentences of slavery. En-
lucky souls end up in the furnaces of Styxia, where they

Only relies, artifacts and Stygian goods have substance
in the Underworld. Hollovers from bygone lives are seav-
Though relies and coins comprise a small portion of the Un.
eeworkl economy, trade between Styia and the outer Cite
"raw marerials" to make more. Building stone, metals, and

even coins are formed from the plasm of luckless wraiths, and

this reprehensible trade lines the coffers of wraiths who have
nor quite accepted the fact that they are dead

boundaries. Trade there is done only by coin, service o¢ relic
burter. Nevertheless, even the most humaneamong the Rest
Isa gruesome irony that so many of the dead scem unable to
shrug off their mortal habits. Although they have no need for
for the chance to amass status and treasure, Old habits die
traffic in souls hasan old
ing Oblivion at bay. Belief, it is said, guides reality. The

universe, then, is guided by thot

less materialistic purpose: keep

and faith, not by
science or random. chance. According to this concep

apathy, darkness grows. Therefore, strong ideas backed up
by potent faith can turn the tide of Oblivion. There is great
controversy over this heresy' amon the Restless, and few
outside the Heretics place much stock in it. Nevertheless,
many wealthy wraiths stockpile bound souls in the possi
bility that the theory is correct, indoctrinating their Thralls
in any number of beliefs

The shadow trade is discussed more exterisively on

A Barrier of Souls

ss than the mph of
unbelief. When the people trust in nothing, annihilation prose

Oblivion, we may say, is nothin

pers. When faith in God is replaced by skepticism, Oblivion

grows. Faithless sous fall into' the Void, to be devored-by

ingness. We hae seen the result, my cousins: the waxing
When we beliere in nothing, nothing is what we

ne time, Charon and the Lords of Death kept the

darkness in check, managing the cycle of birth uh, main

tain ance. But Charon is gone, and the Lords fight

among themselves. The Void consumes the unbelicving souls

that fall fm the faithless Earth, and Oliviom reaches fram

tals! Ma
Un even Stygia itself

ins stocef across the mightiest realms within the

The only way to fight Oblivion, my cousins, is throngh

belief. The will and the spirit, it is writen, shape the very stuff

rope with those of tome wil and faith will weather

uy Thralls, We who con:

through belief: our own ana that o

trol the will can keep the Ten

Granal Harvester Monteriel, Magister of Advocates

Les othe Under

he darkness always teemed with unexplained
sound — and yet he sometimes shook with fear
BE oo hear cenain other fainter noises which he
suspected were lurking behind them.
HP. Lovecraft, "The Dreams in
the Witch-House"
Underworld is known by ma
Niflheim, Inferno, Feng-Tu, the Aftedli
have be

bearing those names exist beyond the Tempest. Indeed, the

given to the dead lands in general,

Underworld is not one single place; it isa multifaceted dimen

sion made up of innumerable realms and domains.

The "structure" of the Underworld defies simple geogra-
phy; some modem wraiths think of the Underworld in terms
of outer space, viewing the various realms within it as pla
and solar s However useful such a metaphor may b
cannot hope to explain the scope or substance of this

matic "pla


According to ancient myth, the Underworld has layers
an onion. Only the most powerful Restless can journey to
inner core. The living exist on the outer skin of this on-

but the inside contains the dead. The outer layer is called
thadowlands. Wraiths can exist here as ghostly observers,
again truly inhabit.

thadowlands is the Tempest, which sur-

rounds and pervades all the other aspects of the Underworld.

Deep within the Tempest, virtually indistinguishable from it,

lies the Void, the heart and sou! of Oblivion. Ie has no dimen-

sion or physical existence; it is simply the final abyss of de-
struction.

distant shores of the Tempest are said to lie the
Shores: the hells, heavens, and places of refu
so within the Tempest is the realm of Stygia, home realm of
Charon and the Hierarchy of Death. Stygia is the political
and economic center of the Underworld.

qhe Shadowlands

Gonna give tp life in this netherworld
Gonna go up to u

the air is clean.
—Siouxsi
The Restless call their version of the real world the
Shadowlands. This gloomy realm, though physically similar to
the Skinlands, lacks the vitality of the living world. Chilling
and barren, the Shadowlands mirror the material world from a
{wisted yet often morbidly beautiful perspective.
Although barriers and hazards are quite real to wraiths in
the Shadowlands, mundane objects remain immaterial. With-
out the use of Arcan

ind the Banshees, "Overground"

}, ghosts cannot even open a door or
touch a living loved one's face. Walls confine wraiths as they
would any living thing, although they can pass through them
with little effort. The Shadowlands epitomize the tragedy of
the Restles the living world exists for them, but they do not

exist for it

Everything mortals can see, wraiths can witness as well
They watch TV in mortals' living rooms, attend meetings, and
witness deaths. However, wraiths can see what the living can-
not— the pattems of death and life in everything living. People
and things that are very close to death are marked by it, and
wraiths can perceive this,

The Shroud

Dating the time now called the Sundering, a barrier of
disbelief and fear divided the lands of the living from those of
the dead. This barrier, called the Shroud by many Restless,
{isolates death from life. Because of this Shroud, historians say,
the living fear the dead, while the Restless envy the living and
their world of sensation nth,

The Shroud is strongest in places wl

life and reason
have banished random chance and mystery. Laboratories, fac-


tories, and classrooms have potent "walls" against the super-
natural, while places strong in passion or mystic faith — se-
ance parlors, graveyards, and homes with small children or
troubled adolescents — have thinner barriers. On certain days
of the year, che Shroud weakens worldwide. The Restless cel-
ebrate their greatest holidays during these times.

Haunts

Haunts are earthly connections between the worlds of the
living and the dead. Great passions — terror, agony, betrayal,
lost love —have weakened the Shroud so completely in these
places that the Shadowlands and Skinlands neatly overlap. In
Haunts, more than in any other places, wraiths feel at home.

Ironically, the darkest emotions thin the Shroud most
readily. Loss and torment of all kinds seep through the mem-
brane and soak into the very essence of the place where they
transpired. Ghosts, many of whom may have died near the
Haunt itself journey through the Shadowlands ro savor these
passionsaand to touch the living world again. Back alleys, battle
fields, morgues, graveyards, crumbling houses, serial killers'
torture rooms, accident-prone crossroads or treacherous curves,
bars and nightclubs where despair and desperation gather —
all of these locations make good Haunts.

‘Many wraith groups seek our a common Haunt; once ther
they stake their claims and hold them against all comers. Visi-
tors, both living and dead, are usually discouraged. In the liv-
ing world, Haunts seethe with gloom and despair; people avoid
them unless they're depressed, insane, or just plain stupid. In
the Shadowlands, Haunts are prime real estate, and the "own-
ers" guard their territory well.

Domains (see pg. 42) are almost entirely based around
Haunts; the more powerful the Haunt, the more important
the domain. While the buildings and streets around the Haunt
nt be patrolled, the only thing of true import is the Haunt
itself

qhe Tempest

‘There were days when you peered into your self, into the se-
ceret places of your heart, and what you saw there made you fair
with horror. And then, next day, you didn's know what to make of
Y it, you couldn't interpret the horror you had glimpsed the day be-
fore. Yes, you know what evil costs.

— Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit

‘The Tempest is the nightmare realm of chaos and shadow
that stirs beneath the Shadowlands. Distance and space are
‘meaningless there, for the Tempest is created by the ever-chang-
ing visions and fears of those trapped within it. Indeed, the
Tempest has no set reality or substance; those who are em-
braced by it create their own rules. Wayfaring through the
‘Tempest is an exercise in confrontation with demons both
within and without.

Even wraiths find the Tempest distasteful. It is dark and
extremely cold. Howling winds lash chrough the area. Only
‘Spectres — insane and Shadow-consumed wraiths — choose
to exist within the Tempest. Echoes of past evil and passion
assume a nightmarish reality. A murder scene might be con-
tinually reenacted by Drones, or a house long demolished in
the real world might still stand, a shadow of its former exist-
ence.

Those who venture into the Tempest often receive
snatches of memories: clues regarding Fetters, whispered a
missions of terrible guilt, visions of past lives, and the like.
These fragments of thought and memory come from agonized
souls. In some ways, the Tempest is actually made up of the
essences of weaker souls who did not have enough will to cling
to wraithdom.

There are places of semi-constant reality within the Tem-
pest, not the least of which are the realms of the Far Shores.
More familiar to wraiths are the Byways: "roads"
that can be used to cross the Tempest in some degree of s
These Byways connect realm to realm and are used by most
travelers in the Tempest. The greatest of these Byways is the
River of Death, the source underlying mortal legends of the
t Styx and the like.
tthe very center of the Tempest lies the Void. The Void
is the source of Oblivion as well as its resting place. Those
souls not ready for their final dissolution find the Void nearly
impossible to reach; those souls with nothing left to "live" for
find the Void nearly impossible to avoid

Nihil
Step on a crack, break your mother's back...
— Childhood saying

‘Things fall apart. Oblivion extends its tendrils from be-
low, probing the world for cracks, flaws, fissures, imperfections.
Like a cancer infecting a pure cell, Oblivion gradually infects
the world with its darkness.

‘Such infection sites often manifest in the Shadowlands as
whirling pools of pitch-black darkness leading into the Tem-
pest. These rumors on the face of the Shadowlands are called
Nihils, vortices of nothingness eroding the world. Those who
stare too deeply into them experience powerful hallucinations
of overwhelming despair and pai

Usually Nihils are very small — tiny little cracks — but
some have circumferences equal to those of large pits or even
railroad tunnels. Nihils can form on the surfaces of pools of
water, in shadowy comers, in elevator shafts and under
hole covers — anywhere that leads down. Some Nihils don't
exist permanently, but intermittently appear — perhaps ran-
domly, perhay acycle.

Things dropped into a Nihil fall into the Tempest

tresare often attracted to Nihils and (eed off of them. It is said
that one can yell into a Nihil and sometimes be heard down


below, though doing so is considered extremely unlucky. Things
have been known to crawl up in reply

Maelstrom

Black wind come carry me far away.
sters of Mercy, "Temple of Low

odically, vast storms known as Maelstroms emerge from.
h over the Shadowlands. Sweeping away
all those not properly sheltered or bound in Stygian chains,
eaffiem the almighty power of Oblivion. These

are feared not only for their destructive power, but also

Maelstroms

ston

forthe terrible Spectes they bring with them. In many ways, a

Maelstrom is as much an invasion as a storm, for the invading

souls pill: they encounter. Only if the id
d can the storm be calmed.

nd destroy
cersare fought and best

roms resemble massive, roiling storms. Their im:
le black mists constantly whirl and seethe; things,

P _
or beings can often be seen within. The storm's "inhabitants"
‘often seem co seream in time to the roar of the storm's winds

Maelstrom's fog contains motes of soot and skin, and is greasy
and slightly nauseating to any who breathe of touch it. The
stench of the fog is difficult to remove, often clinging to a
wrath's Corpus for months or even years

In the Skink: a Maelstrom often heralds a particularly
baad storm or other natural disaster. Seldom is the Maelstroms,
passing unnoticed by the living. Among wraiths, Mi
hav

vast cultural importance. Maelstroms are used
to mark "eras" in the Underworld; time is typically counted

from the last M

The far Shores

Across the vast expanses of the Tempest are said to exist
other realms, supposed refuges from Oblivion. Although all
wraiths have heard rumors of the Far Shores, and many be-
ims true nature. Those who
n't talking or can't be trusted. Most

ielstrom,

lieve in them, few know these n

are cognizant either a

travelers from the Far Shores are interested in buying, stealing
converting souls to take ho

According to legend, the Far Shores exist beyond the Tem-

pest, though most w
within it. They are the Hells and Heav
Nirvanas of countless cultures. They are the afterlives created
for, and pethaps by, lost souls. Many claim thae the Far Shores
are not the abodes of true gods but are instead fortresses cre-

ated to protect souls from the ravages of the Tempest.

Ieis interesting to note that many realms claim to be the
original Hell, and many beings refer to themselves as SI
Lucifer or Satan. In fact, there are so many of these re:

that they have come to be known, collectively, as the Thou-
sand Hells, However, none has conclusively proved itself the

true Inferno of Dante or the Bible. There are an equal number


rulers here,
niporence.

Stygia
Deep within the Tempest lies Stygia, the ca of the
Underworld. Most Byways through the Tempest terminate at
Stygia, just as once all roads led to Rome. Stygia is also the
abode of the Lords of the Hierarchy, and thus the wraiths' po-
litical center.
‘When the legendary Charon still ruled, Sty

ing house for souls, but itis now more of an url
The temples of the

awasa clear:

1 wasteland

rious realms of the Far Shores still stand,
locked and vacant. Now Stygia tems with millions
tured souls and is made powerful by their presence

Few have ever ventured to Stygia and returned, but itis
said to be city, full of towering, gothic structures remi-

niscent of medieval Rome. Legend has it that Stygia is nctu-
ally a filthy, labyrinthine warren. Only the most elite mem
bers of the Hierarchy can freely move among the uppermost

levels, which are said to be as awesome and beautiful as the
lower levels are loathsome and ugly. Wraiths hate and

Stygia and dread being sent there in chains as thralls.

Necropol

In most human cities there is a barren, rusted section,
where miasmal odors befoul the air and even the poor do not
venture. Here is the Necropolis, the City of the Dead, where
Nihils sprout and wraiths cluster.

A Necropolis is colony of Stygia. It is the political and
social center of local wraith existence. The polities and in-
trigues inherent to existence

<cropolis occupy much of
ing within it
Most wraiths native to a given Necropolis will know one

the attention of those wraiths dwe

however

another by either name or reputation. To a strang
a Necropolis isa wasteland of erumbling buildin,
and peering eyes.

Domains

Necropoli are divided by areas of "turf," or domains, which
h Circle or another. Many Circles
ids and Shadowlands around their Haunt;
h the Hierarchy doesn't always recognize these bound-
aries, its minions are wise to consider them in theit actions.
Many Legionn

are claimed by one w
claim the Ski
thor

res have found themselves devoid of support
when they wandered from Hierarchy
the back alleys of the Renegades.

controlled streets into


crongest and largest Haunts in a Necropolis are

known as Citadels. Citadels form the political and social cen-

cers of the Necropolis. They often resemble fortified medieval

cities, complete with a thriving commerce and permanent resi-
Of course, they don't actually but they are
theless strong points within the S

hadowla

A Citadel is usually based in a large, abandoned building

mned-out tene-

‘use dumps are typical Ci
snough to resist Maelstroms. They
serve as safe points eds or even thousands of wraiths
during the deadliest storms. Furtherm
the Citadels are the only forti

or complex of buildings. Old warehou:
ments, strip-mined earth and
sites, Such Haunts are strong

in times of danger,

ations against the mighty

al to the Hierarchy, how-

ofthe T

npest. Only those k

ever, are given re

Citadels are nearly always under the control of the Hier-
archy, but are not u particular Le
gion. Various Legions constantly vie for control of the C
dels, and often one or another has dominance

der the influence of on

The Hierarchy sets out beacons, often chained Thralls who
have been Mol

nto flaming torches, to mark the bound-
aries of the Necropolis and to establish the sphere of influence

of a Citadel. These beacons are commonly used 1

points and are sometimes the only lights available.

Some Citadels charge tariffs and fees for adi

simply require a wraith to possess a Hierarchy brand or be ac-
companied by someone who docs.

A Revision ofthe imperial
History of Steia

+ most Gentle Lords of Death, I have set my
pen to paper in the language of English kings,
inorder to explain the passing ofthe ag

T have stood in the shade of Cairo's pyra
5} mits, listened to the comedies of Aristophanes,
heard the music of King Solomon's

rt, and
witnessed wars beyond number. I have viewed the wars of Athens

of France and Prussia, of the
1812, the American Civil War,
the great World Wars, and the war in Viemam. I have lived through
the five Great Maelstroms. In that time, I have seen and heard
the liberty of revealing this knowledge
in. my favorite fashion: through the telling ofthe story of it. Chide

much, Allow me, if you wil

The River of Death

Many have speculated ab

Death
rivers have
f Life lows

ithe River
8. Certainly, from the v
nt to humanity. The fact that th

Death
think that the

cry first i
impor Rive
on to become the not s

of Death is the
and legends as the
Death has been called

the in the past, but appar

Of course, ma
same river that is discussed in
River Styx. Certainly,
the River Styx or the River L

ora *River Lethe" in them
that Fate Hk
either with her tears or by
The fact that the river fh

amaikes it highly sought-after Byway

river make ideal

Recently, the Hierarchy ling the river

inan effort to purge the sp sand Heretics

that have since taken it over

Now, may it please ye Dread Lords

The Dark before Time

There is
riod of Thanatic history thar pre
about this time «

time known as the Dark before Time, the pe
-s Charon. The le
im that life and death composed but one

All

as the two realms

realm, where land and spirit were overlai well: there

was no death. But that perfection wa:

split during what we
to be the realm of the Liviny

ww call the Sund thus, there came
ind the realm of the Dead.

In the Land of the Dead, also called the Shadowlands, the
Lady of Fate emerged from di
of the River of Death as it flowed away from this wo

ing the skein of Fate, she foretold the coming of Charon, who

yess and found the headwaters
\d. Read

J others to the Far Shores.

, the Malfeans, dark beasts of fiercest de
n, horned and frilled and scaled and roaring with hu

would |
During this ts
struct
er, rose from the Utter Darkness beneath the Shadowlands
and b

Labyrinth that wound its way into the heart of Oblivion.

The Coming of Charon

Charon strode out of the gloom
Athens was still new: The
for him a boa

burrow great tunnels, ultimately boring a dread

the Dark Times when
uly of Fate welcomed him and wove
eds. He took to polin

down the River of Death, exploring it. Charon, who would one

made of this reed-boat

1peror, explored the marshy hackwaters of

of Souls ebbed
the river entered that
ed the Isle of Sorrows, a

avemous place where thi
the delta wher
less void of water, Charon discov
ticularly hilly and rocky island just offshore.

The Lady of Fate app Charon and said, "Behold!
After you come the masses of the dead, who will walk the
Shadowlands with neither guidance nor light if you do not aid them.
And among them you will find the Restless; they, lke you, are still
fettered to life. Learn the power of life, that you may use it even in
death. You may take your tthe from the dead as they offer it, 10
n your existence inthis gray world. Above all, help others to
find the true light within, so that they may pass from this place and

s the Sunless Sea to the Far Shores, where they may find their

himself to the mass

haron, taking this to heart, pres
of souls who still wandered the Shadowlar
edged him as leader. He led them towa
where he instructed the souls how to make their own reed boats

from the reeds growing among the gr
During those days, the Sunless Sea was placid and cali, and the
souls made their way across its waters without incident.

swampsof the river dela

Other Restless who came to Charon were taught to pole

the depths of the river, and how to navigate the rivers twists

and tums. A few refused the duty of carrying the dead to their

final resting place, instead departing to brood in forgotten

places. Some decided to watch over the living, becominy

ians for specific families or people. During this time, itis said,

many souls took flight across the Sunless

a, being so light
thar they could soar across the waters; others found their own
way to the Far Shores.

Charon bore a special love for those who helped him bear
the dead on their reed boats. These he named his Fe
and the Ferrymen began meeting at the Isle of Sorrows to dis
cuss their work and lend ¢

h other aid. They performed mi
nor jobs for one another in exchange for relics and light that
they gleaned from the recently dead. The Ferrymen, realizing

that the Restless could wreak much evil in the world they bi

swore to protect the living from the dead.

Charon's First Ferymen

Charon's Ferrymen are legendary in the Uilerworld.
Ferrymen scar masks ats Chaton's Hierarchy are

considered extreme
way of a Ferryman: they are us ren free rein through:

than one hapless wraith has

res by the timely arrival of


The Ferrymen were soon forced to uphold their vow. From
the depths of the vast Labyrinth bored by the Malfeans peri
odically erupted a variety of bizarre beings. These beings, col
lectively named "Spectres," displayed a venomous hatred for
living and wraith alike ‘tuptions, while not nearly so
numerous as in later days, were a constant threat.

ally, several Ferrymen decided to embark across the

s xe of discovery to find the Far Shores,
where so many had already crave

d. Each of these wraiths,
collectively called Shining Ones because they lit the way for
others, sought his own Far Shore.

Shortly after the Shining Ones' departure, Charon w

sited by the Lady of Fate. Soon thereafter, he descended into

the Labyrinth by way of the Venous Stair, a marble opening to
that oul place. He carried with him only his scythe and a single
lantern, and went alone into the darkness. We do not know
how he fared in the darkness, but he was gone for many years
Even during this time the Ferrymen continued their sojourns
upand down the River.

When Charon emerged from the Labyrinth, he brought
with him an ancient smith-wraith named Nhudri. Nhudri was
well versed in smithing, and used for his material the stuff of

qhe Venous Stair

Mocked by a basalt boukler. It is so named for the mary
The Stair is the closest Labyrinth opening to the gates of
Styia.. just a short joumney to the south, It has been the
I is rumored that Charon has oceasionally used t
Then Charon sounded the great horn at the Isle of Sor
rows and summoned the Ferrymen to him. He told them th:
while in the Labyrinth, he had confronted the Utter Dark
ness, the deepest Shadow. He had seen Oblivion itself, and it
vas growing, Charon chided his Fereymen that he had seen
wayward souls, souls who had not been collected by a guide,
falling into that pit. Each soul fed that foul blackness, as rot
feeds a fungus. There was genuine concern among the
Ferrymen, many of whom set off to the four directions lookit
for aid growing threat

od shortly thereafter, reporting that they had feasted in

the Halls of the Dead and that the Far Shores were real places.

Following charts that they had made, Charon set off on his
boat across the Sunless Sea.

‘When the Roman Republic was finally established in the

living world, Charon returned from the Far Shores with seven,

pest parts of the Labyrinth by Charon. He apy
Jark purpose. Nhudi claimed to be one of the first
smiths in the world, and had to be taught to speak Chan
native tongue of Greek (although he later found English
plex knotwork pattern whenever he is foring), black eyes,
the shackles hang down at his sides. His ara
are strong and bandy

his works, and his ability to make something out

pride in
f everything placed before him, He loves tinkering with
new artifacts of relics, andl constantly seeks out antiquities
tw buy from Ferrymen and other wraiths who visit Sty
Nlualri often makes purchases thre

signs that he had gleaned from the Shining Ones who had
become custodians of those places. By these signs Charon was
sifted with the authority to judge the disposition of souls. He
placed the signs into a great iron tablet and made this the cor:
nerstone of a new city
Using stones garnered from the fallen temples of Greece
and Israel, from the lost city of Atlantis and from the destroyed
cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, Charon built his city in the
shion of Athens and the new Rome: beautiful structures sym-
metrically arranged on the hills of the Isle of Sorrows, with
cleared roads, an aqueduct, and monuments to fallen and lost
Ferrymen. Charon donated the lantern that he had used in
the Labyrinth to serve as the city light, and it shone from the
tallest monument. In the manner of the Roman Republic
(which Charon studied for several years), he instituted the
grand Republic of St
The Stygian Senate consisted of seven senators, cach given,
charge over different parts of the world's Restless. These sena-

with the city of Stygia as its capital.

tors were seven of Charon's most trusted lieutenants. Charon
set himself up as Consul of the Senate. The senate' first act
was to grant the Shining Ones land near the docks to build
their temples, which would serve as clearing houses for the
dead

The senate received emissaries from the Dark Kingdoms
of Ivory and Jade, places much like Stygia that handled the

dead of Africa and the Far East. At the time Stygia was at

ages fe Seticg


SWZ

THe Dak kino ovr ad jae

Africa, the Far East, and many n

th. The

ern cultures have different ideas about d called

Dark Kingston
Europ

der of the Dark Kingdom of Ivory isthe Ivory

riful y 1 powerful leopard alway
ful wraith

of Africa. The Jade Emperor i
Dark Kingdom of Jade: he

tiated with
the ruler of

nding hi
He is

ries to Styx on a beautiful jade ba

n revealed as spies for the Dark Kingdoms of Jad
onial times (s

Stywia and the Dark Kingdoms had several sk

The Dark Kingd

) was also destroyed

y: indeed, during C
W major battles n of (

peace wit

though this was not to last. The senate like-
mn emissaries to the Dark Kingdoms

Charon began to tax the dead for the good of al the dead,
requiting two coins for passage down the River of Death. Those
who could not pay were asked to give up their eyes or hands
That story soon spread, and few in those days died without the
death-price of two coins being pressed into th

Charon began to use the metal gleaned
to forge the first Stygian weapons and armor. He authorized
Nhudri, the Grand High Aruificer of Stygia, to design and build
Kyklops, the first forge in Stygia. The first three things forged
of Stygian steel were Siklos, Charon's blade; Lumen, Charon's
lantern; and the Masks of the Senators. Finally, after taking a
piece from all the Senators' Masks, he created Charon's Mask.

Charon ordained the wearing of masks because, in that
time, no one could predict how long a w

jth would survive
inst the growing forces of Oblivion. Charon wanted to be

ble to maintain the Republic of the Dead apart from the per-
sonalities of his senators, and the Masks of th

Senators were a
e the office not with the wraith, bur with the
duties of the office.

Now, in those days the Tempest was nothing bu
Darkness that surrounded all. This Darkness was inky black,

solid, devoid of light, but turgid, not the roiling chaos that itis
now. With Nhudri's help, Ch:
system of roads through the Darkness, roads that did not de-
pend upon the vagaries of the River of Death. Charon was
determined to save all of creation from the power of Oblivion,
which had begun to manifest itself. Spectres and beasts ever

on set about building a great

crawled out of the deep places to torment the unwary and at.
tack the unready. Charon's roads would provide his Ferrymen

line, not a crooked river choked with Spectres.

During the great Pax Romana, Charon's roadbuilders
spread far and wide, building a network of roads through the
Darkness. This network was truly expansive, connecting the
Shadowlands of such far-off places as Britain, Gaul, Mauretania,
Rome, Thrace, Galatia, Damascus, Armenia and Tanais. Wher-
er Rome went, Stygia followed. As Roman legionnaites died
during the wars of conquest, many became soldiers in the
Stygian militia, protecting the Ferrymen as they went about
their business of gathering souls. Ferrymen regularly embarked
from the quays of Stygia, departing for the Far Shores of the
Norse, the Celts, the Gauls, the Romans and others. Anyone
who died found a ship waiting.

It the Pax Romana that Charon discov-
ered the horses that lived in the great Slough of the River of
Death. These wild steeds had somehow been caught in the
ancient Sundering. Some say the horses had been int
a gift from Poseidon to his brother Hades, but had broken free,
swam the Styx, and now ran wild in the Darkness. Charon
coveted these beautiful, pure, milk-white horses, with their
long, flowing black manes and blood-red eyes. With the help
of Nhudri, he created the tools necessary to tame his own.
Soon Charon had personally tamed 13 death-steeds, which he
presented as gifts to all the Ferrymen who wanted them.

After spending many months talking with philosophers
and listening to the greatest minds of Rome, Charon intro:
duced the doctrine of "Lux Veritas," the Light of Truth. He
felt thar Stygia had both a right and a responsibility to pre-
serve the greatest thoughts and works of humanity. He gave
word 0 all his Legions and minions to bring to Stygia any
antiquity of merit, where it would be safely hidden in vaults
deep beneath the Senate.

also dur

But all was not well in Stygia. Charon's increasingly
thoritarian rule, coupled with the deaths of various rebels and
martyrs in the living world, produced a class of dissatisfied
malcont wraiths. These wraiths, known as Renegades, de-
fied the authority of Charon and his minions.

Renegades began to harry the Ferrymen on the roads as
well as on the River of Death. In response, Charon mounted

Styeian Metal

Jeath-ore" andl spiritual Stygian
4 Obli

1 into the iron, making it

Ka wraiths it wound

Unlike Corpus, Styzian metal is not easily molded. It

specially designed forge and temper


The Treasures of Styia

drous and magnificent artifacts from th ut history:
from fragments of the True Cross to wn the Li

brary of Alexandria. Through his doctrine of "Lux Ver
ory. These are scribbled on thin, fleshlike po.
from the hark of trees found in the great swamps.
from Aeschylus, Cicero, Virgil, Nietzsche

found here

I soldi

soldiers hi

in the
the riverbanks — everywhere. Wherever S

skinrode wild
led the Vandals, and attacked Rot
sued, the Vandals were slain. The wraiths of the dead Va

dls, upon seein thought thi

another v of Rome in the afterlife
acked it as well
nized and be

the pe
lit.

red and hissed. Sentries
h rang thei


But Stygia was hit hardest. A coordinated attack by the
Spectres coincided with the first Maelstrom, and the city was
invaded. Charon's palace, the Onyx Tower, erupted in flames.
Only through the ms
the City of the Dead saved. Nonetheless, the Ferrymen were
decimat

id tactics of Charon was

ful strategy a

d, the Legions were left in tatters, and the S
building was destroyed. Many wraiths turned Reneg
like predators in the Darkness.

The living world likewise suffered. Barbarians and brig-
ands rar Soon Rome was
but a distant legend spoken of by peasants as they cowered in
their huts

npant over Rome's fallen glo

Charon realized that only a strong leader could prevail in
the years to come. Taking a cue from the Caesars of the living
world, Charon appointed himself Emperor. He retained his
seven Senators, but renamed them, dubbing them Deathlords
The Ferrymen immediately took issue with this: they felt that

Charon had overstepped the authority vested in him. They

would not serve an Emperor. Ina rage, Charon banished them,
telling them thar they would have tosurvive the Darkness alone
if they would not serve Stygia.

Many years passed, an slowly rebuilt. Storms
wracked Stygia, and only the presence of the Equitaes ke

roads from falling completely to Spectres and other baleful crea-
Wild Renegades, seeking to hide from or defy the power
tygia,buile villages and towns along the river and the roads.
The power of the Shining Ones waned as belief

the pagan

gods died; conversely, the Fishers convinced ev
‘numbers of dead to travel with them on their one:

to Paradise.

fay journey

During this time, some wi
dd

ths began employing Arcanos
minate mortals. Many took the shapes of mon-

toscar

ifesting to fearful peasants

ing tribute. The Renegades were the worst of these malefac-
ton.

Finally, afte
spawned Spectres were destroyed or driven into the L:

last of the Maelstrom-
yyrinth
honor and

pstituted

once more. Now there was time to recognize th
glory of those who had fought for Stygia. Charon

The Dark Ages

Dark Ages, wraith
icted themselves on humanity. Bec

During th kinrode, materialized,

they continued unabated unt hed in

Mnce that occurred}, many wraiths were cast our of their h

and warded from churches consecrated on holy ground.

Still, even then, wraiths manifested as demons and
tad truck with mortals that way, beguili
ship. Some of th
bolic fakes

whether from the Thou

orted wit
al In
nd Hells oF else

fenton to summo nal powers,

The Code of the Dead

‘of Charon, the Dictum Mortem
hat Chae

» mortals during the

Dark Age
the Code: it is a

strates know the entirety of

mmonly quoted thing, but few have

ren read it completely, for copies of it are not widely

availible

tyxian Hierarchy cares flen anatel

Hicrarehy agents in the Shadowlands don't have time to

ey contin 10 8 vals to Styxia, this is not likely

the Imperial Order of the Sickle and named seve
its ranks. [cis still the greatest honor that Stygia can bestow to
awraith

During this time, Charon rebuilt his gt ud set
about recovering some of the antiquities th
fledgling Church of Christianity struggled through its early
years, Charon ordered a great sea-wall built around the Isle of
Sorrows to protect it from future great Maelstroms.

Also during this time, Ch ed the Dictum
Mortem, the Code of the Dead, to counteract the Dark Age
wraiths' horrific abuses of power. Though mainly designed to
protect the living from the dead, the Dictum Mortem also made
it absolutely clear that only Charon and his designates were
empowered with the authority to gather

As for the Fishers: they soon made their presence known,
Into Stygia's harbor triumphantly sailed the Fishers' Golden.
Ship, a marvel of shipbuilding whose home port was the Far
I wlise. The Fishers brought with them building

at palace

were lost. As the

nd dispatch souls.

ls to construct a massive temple on one of the hills of
the Isle of Sorrows. They demanded that Charon tithe to their
temple, but he refused, saying that he served Death, not the
Far Shores. Ins 6a counteroffer: if they
would donate to him 10% of the relics they collected, he would
provide them with the souls of those who sought Paradise. This

ad, he made the Fis

was agreeable to the Fishers, although they never stopped at

aron to their bel

tempting to convert C

Sy
tion of Paris.

bec: excellent walled city in the grand tradi
world, Charon
once again had the resources to send his Equitas (now known,

as Knights) out on the roads, The whole network of paths was

cleared and repaired, and new roads were created to connect
the newer, swelling

ties

Stygia has often been called the City of the Dark Echoes,
because it is similar, but never quite like the living world, Little
in life affects the City of the Dead. Still, the Crusades did not
go unnoticed. Many Legions followed the crusading armies,

collecting the dead of both sides for transport to S


The numb
the Crusad
family whom the}
Fetters

Once again proving

Charon ch.

He crea
topmost

Deathlo
followed

soul trade, These Freewsa

ed
fr

claimed by the Black Pl

ages. While it's true

time
Wheth

any wraith

imperial rule
termed the Hierarchy, whereby wraiths

th-Knights became stagget 7
ade ind lov d
{ for and who bound them to life as

x his kno. his own citizens,

feudal style

lands and in

wgriculture, the
Freewraiths

wise ruler. When the Black Plague
as firmly in place. At first there w
om the terrible sickness. Th

fom heralded the thousands


the Shining Ones. Especially did
1n powerful.
cchbishop of Stygtia, leader of the Fis
and demanded that Charon re-

fee. For many months there wasdarkness
s' Hill as the temple stood deserted. Crusaders still ret
ind openly wore their crosses.
the urging of the Archbishop of Stygia, and with the
many Shining Ones,
Charon's palace guard. U
betrayed by one of their fellows, and seve
ing in ambush. Defe
ample out of them t

Nor did Charon stop there. He sacked the Fishers' temple,
in the process discovering great troves of relies and artifacts
that had not been passed along to him. He sent his most trusted
Knights to the Far Shor ak with the Shining Ones the
and issued an order that all Shinn
with the next tide

As Stygia's tide-gony
raft was employed in the great Evacuation, Clutehing all that
they had, the ‘Ones piled on this ramshackle fleet and
took to the Sunless Sea. The hts left on the b

Time in Stygia

A note to those who have not yet visited the City of

the Dark Echoes: because there is no sun, time in Stygia is
measured by the tides of the Sunless Sea, A complex
waterclock ticks off the seconds and minutes and sounds
the hours. There are wo tides every Stysian "day." The
water clock is known to be accurate to within three see-

1 conflagrations of the temples, which
J with the fires of Outra
Even as the Shining Ones left, Charon' aries re
tured Shores. They bore horrific reports of realms
where the dead still waited for relief

feat antechambers and forgotten — where petty dicta-
s in eternal
-e. None had
the Proc:
‘Because the

love for

o not care for the

they seek only to foo,

nger listen to them. Because they do not eruly believe, |


te

The Order ofthe Unldded Eye

My lon
ness and valor of the Grim

Ido not have the in + the great
perhaps the

the Hier

with which they hunt the Heretics

most staunch supporters F admire the

ninded tenacit
that they carry their own lan.

I is wi
feitas burning within:
the Light of Truth illuminates
Truth to be revealed.

The Renegades sh
ons, my lord
il find their way to th

ntle mercies woukl bring the

n fear when they see their

riders Jowlands. Some of

Thereafter, the Heretics were prevented from entering
Stygia and were constantly hunted by the Hierarchy wherever
king place
aron formed his own Inquisition to
tic influence in St re the Inqui-
sition its own Equitaes (called "Grim Riders" by some, but offt-
cially designated "The Order of the Unlidded Eye") to carry

itstretched. Taking.a cue fi
in the Sunlit Lands, C

m the Inquisition now'

root out Her

out this mission.

For several years Charon did not prevent the dead from

leaving on their own to find the Far Shores. It was a fool's

voyage, however, a the Second Maelstrom had transformed
the Sunless Sea into a place of strange currents, e

beasts, and chaotic weather.

The trade of souls began to suffer: there was no room in
Stygia for more souls, and Charon was loathe to continue to
onts of his

send souls to the Ear Shores

agents. Sty

cer hearing the r

became a refugee camp as the souls of the dis-
the abandoned swelled in number. Renegades

sowing seeds of rebellion and dissent. All
y of the Dead.

some of the Heretics left Stygit

walked among then
grew quiet in the C

Meanwhile,
By riding along with the explorers of the

altogether.
fiddle Ages,
area of Dark-
tic Ocean,
; colonized

these Heretics found their way across the gr
nessin the Shadowlands corresponding to the Att
Thus was the New World discovered and, soon
and explored.

During the early 1500s, the Renegades made their move.
They stormed the Onyx Tower and made off with m:

tities, including the legendary Spear of Longinius, said to be

the spear that pierce

the side of Jesus Christ as he hung on
the cross. Only through the sacrifice of some of Charon's
vorite Knights were the Renegades pushed back.

Soon thereafter, the Third Great Maelstrom blanketed
Siygia. This Maelstrom wasn't so intense as the other two, but
ied the Darkness completely.
ring to the area as the Da

much more pervasive. It satui
Wraiths stopp
ring to it as the Tempest, for it had become

ess and be
san re
continual storms and wild chaos.

place of

power in a we
aliation, Charon ordered all the guilds disbanded. He im-
mediately trained his Legions to do the same thing that the
guilds did, but later reemployed guild members when it be
‘came clear to them that Charon would not allow them to re-

form.
The Third Great Maelstrom changed the f

Shadow

¢ of the
ls. No longer were there any impassable places
dominated by the Darkness. Quite cleatly, there were now two
levels to the Underworld. The "uppermost" level comprised
the Shadowlands, the areas closest to the Sunlit Lands; "be-
low" them, through the Tempest, lay Stygia, the Isle of Sor

a. The
ver of Death had become choked with

«ditionally, a power called the
Shroud separated the living world from the dead lands. This
Shroud limited the power of Mystery: the power of magic, of
were lost, and many wraiths in the Shadowlands retreated to
their Haunts, where the Shroud was still thin

Once ag:
all around him by responding to the impendin,

htenment. Where ¢

instead of admitting defeat, Charon surprised
Age of En
ian steel was given only to the
Charon began arming his Freewraiths

er supporters with swords made of the material. The

The Dark Kingdom of Obsidian

Stygian Heretics he New World soon dis

covered the Dark Kingdom of Obsidian, ruled by a mighty

wraith named Ix Chel. The wraiths of this land were
strange and powerful, and they battened on blood sicti:
fices offered by the native

It was here that the Heretics committed

ayaans and Aztecs.

est crime, Desperate fora realm away from the stifling rule

of of the strange practices of the New

World wraiths, the Heretics invaded the Dark Kingdom:

of Obsidian, Xenophobia and distrust were strong,

in the very earth of the realm, exposing the Labyrinth. In
the end, after decades of brutal struggle, the Heretics de
feated Ix Chel and hi
into the heart of the Void. Thus was

nigenous wraiths, hurling the:

Or so it was thought until regently. In the past sev

eral years, the ears of the Deathlords have keen troubled

by reports from various outlying real of sav

we attacks by es wielding
obsidi

tacks seem to har

ferocious,

n blades and strange Arcano

increased, and to
closerand closer to Stygia itself. A few olde

per of Ix Chel's vengeance


Grand High Artificer designed a wicked crossbow that fired
three quarrels in rapid succession, and began to experiment
with explosives and muzzle-loading guns.

Charon himself moved through the street:
ing Thralls from what he called the "wastre
dlead who had no purpose and provided no help tc
these Thralls were hard at work toiling at the Ve
mining Stygian metal ftom the bedrock of the Labyrinth i
self, Despite the vigilance of Charon's Legions, many Thealls
were devoured by Spectres rising from the deeps. Thialls who
survived often faced an equally grim fate: they were reduced to
ore for Sty

Stygia, mak-
the shiftless

metal once they became useless. The Indus
trial Revolution had come to Stygia.

‘Thaalls be
how to deal with the dead: although he could no longer house
the dead, he could defini

me the foundation of Charon's new ideas on

ely utilize them and, in the process,
pethaps provide them with the purpose they needed to make
etc

they

ity pass. litle easier. He promised the Thralls freedom if
rked hard in the Labyrinth and served Sty
Furthermore, the spirit of imperialism infected Cl
Instead of trying to run everything from Stygia, Charon sen
trusted wraiths to the Shadow
of Stygia, which Charon called his "Necropoli." Necropoli we
purposefully located in abandoned sites within living cities,
near population centers where the dead could be more easily
collected. Charon hoped to establish permanent colonies and
thereby ease Stygia's overcrowding.
During this time CI

a well

ds to set up smaller versions

fon minted the first deathcoins, also
called oboli, This was because it was easier to trade deathcoins
is to trade Thralls, which had been the former stan
t of value.

he road system to connect with the New
World, Charon was finally able to send wraiths to places like
New Amsterdam and Boston. Wars were fought in the New
World between Stygian colonists and the established Heretic
settlements. Also, during this time the
the British Empire (followed closely by the Hierarchy) brought

qhe fifth Legion

pant colonialism of

gaules and flushes! ou
hed it
s beygan the in

Members of the Fifth

also called Hood, and it
y actually has an onyx ny
ato battle. The Fifth Lexi

ith the Jade Emperor to the
vory Queen to the south. After bitter struggle, a
mutual agreement was reached. This compact gave the Hier-
archy custody of the souls of the European dead, but lefe the
indigenous dead alon
Hierarchy, Hereries and Renegades battled constantly
during the War between the States. The Ivory Queen de-
manded the souls of the dead children of Arica who had been
nslaved in life, and Charon allowed her minions to travel
the Hierarchy's forces as they moved south. Asa result of
the Ivory Queen later took control of New Orleans a
forbade Hierarchy and Renegade alike from admittance. To
this day, Charon's Hierarchy does not operate in the
Shadowlands of New Or
As the Victorian Age blossomed, Charon's Hierarchy
worked like clockwork, Souls were loaded onto carriages, which
would then travel along the roads to Stygia. Here, souls would

© separated and awarded to the Deathlords according to the
manner of their death. Charon encouraged the Necropoli in
vygian artifacts to the

their collection of souls by sending $

Anacreons of the Citadels.
During the 19th century, Charon learned how to solidify
the essence of the dead and transport this energy, in a plasmic
form, throughout his Hierarchy. More and more Thralls were
reduced to nothing in the fires of Kyklops, and the tailings of
the Venous Stair mine be astline.
n iron were launched
xe black ships knifed
waters of the River
ic blockade runners and watching for

une great hills on the
The first ships forged from Se

from the quay on the Isle of Si
through the black waters, p
of Death, sinking Heret
Renegade attack:

roling the h

todie without belief
ly into Oblivion, which had grown stronger and
ras the Industral Age seeped into people's souls, The
Shroud soon became so strong that wraiths could barely affect
the § s except in areas where they had established
Haunts or Fetters. Charon, noting this, be
Hiers

More and more people beg
immed

recruiting his
hs from local people, people who had Fetters where he
d them.

‘inally, late in the 19th century, the Deathlords and
Charon made a frightening discov
travel to th

they could no longer
owlands. As they neared the Shadowlands,
they began to discorporate. Investigation soon revealed that
their Fetters had long since been destroyed. Even Charon, the
mythical Grim Reaper, could not stay lon ub.

The inability of Charon to interfere directly in the
Shadowlands prompted the formation of a hegemonial gov
ernment among the Necropoli. Sty
thing, and the Citadels were rather like the colonies that the
British had established all over the world: each was ruled by a
local Anacreon. These Anacreons were virtually autonomous
as long as they continued to supply Stygia with souls and up-
held the Code of Cha

was the ¢

ter of every:



SZ

Mother of Storms

A sobriquet used for the Fifth Gre

he mother of storm
lands for days with thous

s, sending many souls

before Madrino, a M
smaller Maelstroms erupt on a re
ace in these niodern

the Shadowkinds

s. Although there has nor been another Great Mael:

strom in many years, L fear to the core what might come if

another rears its head

Still, Spectres took advantage of the cl
od degree. Risi
est pits of the Labyrinth, they followed the roads to the

Necropoli and began inserting themselves in secret places amid

a0s to it

the empire to an unpreced from the de

wrtal cities. They began to Skinride people in America, tak-

ing advantage of the Citadels' laxer vigilance: this resulted in

several rampant crime waves and many dark doings in the back

alleys of the industrialized cities during the "20s.

No event caused Spectres more glee than the Great De

pression, Spectres reveled in the misery caused by poverty

the Hierarchy had its work cut out for it dealing with the flood

of starved, dispossessed, and destitute dead while trying

‘out the Spectres. Charon offered a bounty of 30 oboli to any

wraith or wraiths who brought him the ears or othe
discovered that Sp

mpor:
tant parts of slain Spectres. [tw tre teeth

id hard to fake: they beca

were particularly hardy
dard. Many wraiths became what

known as Doomslayers,

professional bounty hunters who h

inted down Spectres and

tured in their tee!

Mea
Nazi regime in Ge
ty
of the Spectres (rather, we believe

in Europe, Spectres gleefully flocked to the
Al
not a puppet
ly human

nany, gorging on the hate and ter
at Hitler himself wa

wobeapy
foulness), several of Hitler's top aides were influenced and regu-
larly possessed by the Spectres of Berlin.

When World War II began, Charon finally saw a ch
to make war on the Jade Emperor, who had denied Charon an
of San Francisco and tht
tions of Stygia. One of the reasons that the conflicts in the
nd destructive was that, ri
and battleships, the iron cruisers of
Stygia's Legions battled the junks of the Jade Emperor

entire secti

atened to usurp sec-

Pacific were 0 bloody ight along.

dev-
Little

Still, the War of the Dead paled in comparison to t
astation wrought by the Atomic Age. When Fat Man and
Boy were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, a

hGreat

reverberated from the depths of the Labyrinth. The F
Maelstrom boiled up out of the depths and sp

force throughout the Shadowlands

IEE

The Fifth G:
all. T y of global destruction had become a reality,
and the repercussions in the Underworld were dev
‘Travel to and fr
after wave of S
Necropoli. The
‘outposts batt

Stygia itself suffered the worst catastrophe. A great Malfean,
reptilian horror named Gorool, rose up out ofthe Sunless Sea

Maelstrom was the most widespread of

1m Stygia was rendered impossible, and wave

ectres hurled themselves at the Hierarchy's
Citadels in the Shadowlands became isolated

for survival.

and threatened to consume Stygia completely. Every ship that
went out to challenge it was smashed and its crew devoured
Charon knew that he alone stood a chance against the foul thing
He hung his great Mask in the throne room of his palace, re-
trieved Siklos, his blad d piloted a single
skiff into the Weepi tack the thing, The battle is, to
this day, d

from th
Bay to

Is throughout

typi.
Charon drew the gre
a whirlpool in the

away from Stygia and opened
Sunless Sea. Charon flung himself down
into the midst of the whirlpool and was followed closely by

the hungry Gorool. Neither rose again. In a single instant, the
greatest ruler of the Restless vanished from knowledge
Seperated as it was, from Stygi
Shadowlands h
During the "50s,
recruited some Renegades to aid then

chy in the

d to try to continue on as best as possible
part of a radical prog chy
‘out Spectres

the Hier

in rooti
es during the decade, Spectres sought to cause in
al thermonuclear war and wé

0s were a time of great change. In addition to the
changing morals of the day, people started experimenting with
altered states of consciousness. Spectres are believed to have
hand in the bloody war in Vietnam: it was started over a
triviality and fought

very controlled fashion. Spectres were

The Restless

‘el
that we have obse
of the

redevel any mechani

them

You

inn,
must be like, Bi
around quite a bit, certain

selfhave never flown on such a

to think what the

mortals have hygan movity

leceaseal R

the work. These newer wraiths had best h
the Hierarchy

sure of dealin

sens suse the

recently have Fetters scattered across

Know
Md
Berlin, Tokyo,
8, Dallas, Ni
Yslo, Call them. Vag
II, my lords; i's true that they wander quite

with attacks from all over the

negades who have Fetters in Pa

otal, San Francisco, Las V

ntly. But you must know that they are hoth a threat


often seen laughing with glee in the jungles of Cambodia as
‘more and more young soldiers were killed
Hierarchy agents had stopped trying to
nate their Necropoli. The Spectre threat was pervasive, and
any and all wraiths were needed. The Hierarchy had devel
oped a kind of atti t could best be described as "don't
ask, lon't rell" Many Shadowlands wraiths were not even reg-
istered with the Hierarchy, y in As
lid not believe in impeding a wraith's personal free
dom. Groups of dispossessed wraiths began shuffling from city
tocity as the first Va

By this ti

ude tl

rica, where the

The'70s aw the continuation of the Cold War and count

less Spectre incursions. During the '70s, Stygian agents re-
pwired the shattered roads and rails, allowing 1

munication with the Shadowlands. Charon w:

still missing,
and the Deathlords had, in his absence, assumed control in a
great and powerful oligarchy. This, as you know, was a

masterstroke of diplomacy and starecraft. Everyth

continue on — business as usual

My lords, you have often expressed your displeasure at the
relatively low number of souls that the Hierarchy in the
Shadowlands sent to Stygia during the "70s and '80s. Whe
this indicates a rebelliousness on the part of the Ci
feons or a lack of wraithpower needed to gather souls
iciently in the Shadowlands is unknown.

I must speak now of the current nd for
posterity I will record what I know of the current and most
recent si

Asyou

lords, the Hierarchy of the Shadowlands
tas cently devolved into an almost anarchic mass of self
interested Anacteons who rule to further their own
rower. [am reminded, my lords, ofthe Roman leader:
ain toward the end of the Roman Empire. These so-ca

behavior among the Renegades, Her
the provinces.

Iso, my lords, itis well known that the Hierarchs of
the Dead
ly when dealing with the Children of Caine (the
e). Thave
in Hierarchs have begun working

adowlands seem to ignore the Code o!

vampires, my lords —a most foul and perverse
even heard rumors that ¢

with vampires, pe services for the "unde

ch

1 for the safe-keeping of their Fetters.

The weather of the Shadowlands these days is atrocious.

The Tempest seethes with Spectres. Maelstroms ¢

are, and although the Citadels till keep the
many souls are lost to Maelstroms on a re

In the cities, poverty, race bias and class struggle bh
wrought a deadly legacy: many violent deaths have resulted in
the creation of more wraiths. In

Necropoli harbo

saangs of wraiths that owe allegiance to no faction save th

selves.


The silken Bonds of Death

times seek the company

nature, cannot step fully int
dren of Caine are al

an there is somethin
presence. Still, | have
their peaceful qui

flooxl th
andl have tried tim
for their plots. The
arefull

Above

With no disrespect, great and Dread Lords, the Heretics
ides still operate relatively unhindered in the
of the fact that the roads, the rails, and
are all blocked, and because the Fetters of life bind
the wraiths who now live there, there is no good solution ex.
cept to continue to send weapons and soulfire to the
Shadowlands.

Although the end of the Cold War substantially reduced
the threat of absolute nuclear holocaust, conflicts like the P
sian Gulf War and diseases like AIDS still provi
of amusement to the foul Spectres who feast on.

rdless hours
ch carnage.

My most majestic Lords of Death, I have but a few more
pieces of information to impart to you

ark has been seen on

The Ferrymen have been seen in the Shadowlands.
Some souls are dying with such violence that they instantly

although these rumors have by no means been substantiated.

I was greatly sorrowed to learn of the disappearance of
Charon's Mask. I do hope every effort is being made to secure
p its return,

I do hope that the general nature of this history does not
offend you. I enjoy writing these histories to show myself how
things have changed as we learn more about them,

With utmost humility, I proffer my deepest gratitude.

Your Eternal Servant,

Herodotus

‘Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and
Guildenstern Are Dead

Death behind Life

Wraiths see death in everything. They do not see things
in the physical world as they appear, but as they someday will
be. A person about to die might appear cadaverous, with hol-
low eyes and jaundiced skin; a car destined to crash will ap:
pear dented in advance. Much of the world seems decayed or
near collapse. Billboards ae tattered, roads are potholed, paint
is peelin buildings are crumbling. To the
Restless, much of the world is already dead

The hazards of the Underworld add danger to despair; soul-
slavery, intrigue and looming Oblivion take their toll on the
Restless. Worst of all is a wraith's eternal struggle with her
Shadow. In the Underworld, there is no place for a wraith to
hide from her darkest aspects.

These threats to mind, soul and sanity an
wraith, from the youn

the lot of every
est to the most ancient. Stll, hope re

wring souls retain theit identity and can ac-
quire great power and wisdom if they seek it out, Afterall,
Oblivion notwithstanding, they have all the time in the world,

life in Death

Forall the sufering and corruption of the Shadowlands, the
agony of existi id the perils of the afterlife, the
immortal spirit continues to burn in Restless souls. Though many
wraiths have given their afterlives over to hopelessness, revenge
and trafficking in souls, others have used their continued exist-

mains, The w

ence to rediscover the passions th
pursue enlightenment; death has tor
proved that there sso

reyes and
tion than simple ex-
istence. Others glory in their newfound powers. Freed from mor.
tal constraints they

to explore, exp

Grea
less ifone is ruthless enough to tal
arehy have spent their afte

mong the F
king up for opportunities
they never took while alive. Some wraiths find themselves
gifted with potent mystical powers (called Arcanos); others
simply wheedle, betray or enslave their way to the top. Many
Restless embrace the pursuit of material gain as their purpose
for existence. Others of like mind hop "Skinrides" on the liv-
ing, saturating themselves with vicarious thrills, or pursue some
agenda left over from life. The afterlife can be an adventure if
cone can supersede the gloom and sidestep the pitfalls.


More circumspect wraiths use their insights an
to lear from their mistakes. Like the Skinriders,
less possess mort

live again through them. Unlike their
wilder cousins, these ghosts try to recapture the pain
of life, if only for a shore while. By travel

ne lst mission or

thre jects (or letting them pass through in:
with minimal effort. Moderate levels of Arca
increased control over the physical world. Be

Metaphysics: The Rules that Bind the Dead

Luminous beings are we — not this crude matter
— Yoda, The Empire Strikes B

Alone, even ina crowd. Dead, but able to touch and sense _ still liv surroundings that mirror the phy
Be eka cal uch substance as they do for

the living. And in the Tempest, n

Social Status

raw Oblivion)

s affect one other as if they

Wraiths pended between life and etemal death,
and this hal sminates their pe
world, but not of it, the wraith reaches out fi

of the mirror and tries to pierce that cold
‘ing man stru to break through
which he is trapped, the wraith stu
fleetingly — our world.

This is not easy. The laws of reality apply in a different
‘manner to wraiths than they do to humans. Objects inthe real @
world may impede or even harm wraiths (albeit slig]

of age, arcane pow
of movement. Gaunts, who are able to leave the
wlands and return at will, are accorded considerably more


EP respect than Drones, who have practically no sentience left at

all. While Enfants and Drones have the most to fear from the
soul trade, all but the most powerful wraiths must beware the
slavers' chains.

Although social mobility and interaction are nor unknown.
among 5, Most wraiths ally only with those of similar status
and trust only those who have proved themselves. Gaunts are
particularly notorious for their liquishness. In general, the whole
system of status is maintained by the Gaunts of the Hierarchy,
who demand considerable respect from those under them.

Enfant

Enfants are the recently deceased who have not yet joined
wraith society. Typically they are only a few days or weeks old.
Enfants wear a plasmic Caul, which obscures their thoughts
and vision and induces a dreamlike state. Until this Caul is
removed by another wraith, they do not have full vision in the
Shadowlands.

Drone

Drones
mortal identitie

re wraiths who, having lost all rouch with their
ndlessly Haune their Fetters. Drones have
neither sentience nor willpower. Many still manifest the marks
of thei

B Thrall

ath, or endlessly reenact their demise

Thralls are the slaves of another wraith, held in bondage

ion." Some Thralls have been captured

and enslaved; others have been sentenced to Thralldom for

their crimes. A few Thralls have even sold themselves volun-

ly to pay off debts. (Though indentured servitude is sup-

posed co last for a limited duration, many Thralls find that

‘escaping such a contract is much harder than they thoughe ic
would be...

les and cannot travel freely. Some

vari tharon declare that no Thrall shall be

tormented or abused. Such prohibitions are widely ignored,

and abusers are rarely challenged or punished. Thralls' Shad-

ows often take great delight in the suffering their hosts'

ches endure.

Lemure

Wraiths who still hold most of their Fetters are consid-
cred quite young. Lemures are the most common wraiths found
in the Shadowlands. They are manipulated and abused on a
regular basis by the "old hands." Most Wraith player charac-
ters fall into this category.

Domem are older wraiths who no longer possess Fetters
and cannot return to the Shadowlands once they leave them,
Because of thei limited mobiliry, Domem are not as respected
as Gaunts. Many Domem are created as a result oftheir Fetters
being purposely destroyed. Most Domem flock to Stygia, where
they serve the Hierarchy bureaueracy.

Gaunt

An old and powerful wraith, typically one who controls
or influences an entire Necropolis. Not only have Gaunts
managed ro maintain Fetters in the Shadowlands, but they
have traveled deep into the Tempest — possibly even to a Far
Shores realm. Feared and respected, Gauntsae the only wraiths
who know the truth of what lies within the Tempest.

Reapers

A Reaper is a wraith who collects an Enfant, removes its
‘Caul, and persuades it by means fair or foul to accompany him.
Each Reaper faces a moral choice: will he take care of his Enfant
and see that it safely completes the transition to the Under-
world, or will he sell it to the highest bidder? Will he help it,
‘or find a way to bind it to his service?

All wraiths are interested when someone dies, for souls
are the gold of the Underworld. Some stake out turf in hospi-
tals, homeless shelrers, jails, and retirement homes, while oth-
cers ride atop ambulances or police cars. Some wraiths are fright-
‘ening Reapers, imprisoning and enslaving all the souls they
obtain. Many, however, act as guides, teaching their charges
the intricacies of the afte

Te is not uncommon for wraiths to watch after loved ones,
meeting them after their deaths to provide a safer and kinder
passage into the Underworld than they would otherwise expe-
rience. A few try to convert the Enfants to their particular
‘cause or faith, torturing them if they refuse. Others adopt the
Enfants into their own Circle, treating them as kin.

Traditionally an Enfant owes his Reaper a great deal for
his service. It is dishonorable to ignore the debt, and even more.
dishonorable to harm the Reaper. Of course, this is not the
case if the Reaper was abusive or caused the Enfant harm.

Possessions and Trade

You can sell one another for fifteen cents
Well bye-bye mother, it's common sense.
— Sisters of Mercy, "Doctor Jeep"
Because wraiths can only rarely cross between the living
and dead worlds, they hunger for the things they see but can-
not have. Accordingly, a thriving economy has developed in


the lands of the dead. This "shadow trade" resembles the tri
angle trade of early America. Raw materials and
reliesare harvested in the Shadowlands an in Necropoli
for material

souls

goods made in
Wraiths cannot touch normal objects from the living world

Without using a degree of power. However, relies — items in.

cammated into the Underworld — can be used freely and are
thus highly prized by wraiths

Most goods in the

Jnderworld are made fi
smelted and shaped by the arcane secrets of the

ificers.
Because of the weird magics and secrecy involved, distant Stygia
asa monopoly on such goods. Many Thralls or harvested souls
end their

The de
for souls; while strong or clever wraiths can avoid this fate, the
weak or unwary end up bound for the furnaces. New souls are
gathered in the Shadowlands and shipped through the Byways
into Sty

lives as building stones or Stygian coins.

and for goods c!

ates a corresp

nding demand

ths are repelled when they discover the
tue nature of Underworld goods. Barter for service is the pre
ferred method of exchange among these dead. The remnants

of Stygia'

guilds are strong proponents of the barter system,

Souls

The great Underworld commodity i

Is, for souls are

ww materials from which all the goods of Stygia are manu-

ed. Souls are utilized in all things, from Citadel walls to

n weapons to paper for books to Moliated rorches. Some
decadent wraiths even distill souls, drinking them like fi

sal world that have been de
stroyed and now exist in the Shadowlands. Relics no long
exist in the physical world, but pe nce in the spirit 6
an important part of

oth

relics fade away sooner or later, they form
nderworld trade. All Underworld goods
than relics must be smelted from souls in Sty

Not just any destroyed
objects that hak

sct can become a relic. Only
nificance to their owners
a will) imbu
by such care allows the object to exist in the Underworld.

thus consecrated. The life-orce (soul, if

Nor are all relics created equal. The potency of a relic
onit. A teddy bear that was trea
away when that child

hn

and the importance its owner placed
ured in childhood but thrown
ew up will become a weak and ephem-

Chats ei

favorite Magnum. Such relics need more
tional investment to function in the Underworld, and
fade away in any case. Ancient relics, like the sword of Uthe:
Pendragon, exist for centuries, but modern relics tend to fade
after a few years. (Pethaps modern objects mean so much less
because modern mortals possess so much more.)
Most wraiths possess relics of one sort or another. Some
wraiths still possess the objects that were buried with chem,
but this practice is not widely known in the modern era. More
often, wraiths enter the Shadowlands with an item or two if
those items "died" with them, like the restored ‘5
taled in its owner's fatal accident. Enfants with relics
have to fight to keep them: a "donation" to one's Reaper is a

Soul-Forged Goods

By the use of various Arcanos,

catabolized into a substance cal

form, isthe only substance with permanent shape in the Un
derworld. Goods, therefore, must be forged from smelted souls)
to have tangible form.

plasm into any form or texture
hniques of smithing are difficult to
Antificers know all the secrets of soul: jl
ods function like normal material objects
afted fron m, hence their

¢ of the skill required to

chains are

mystical properties. Beca

goods and the high cost of the souls used, soul-
ms are scarce and expensive

Some 4s from time to time. The

smeltin

or not

pect that the

Artifacts

There are
1m elles


Multitudes of the living are needed to invest a Skinlands Hl (i aaa )
aifact, and the item must be destroyed on Earth before it can oholi tygian Coins
pass through the Shroud. The True Cross, the Maltese Falcon ‘Underworld coins, or oboli, are minted from souls. The
and Jack the Ripper's knives are good examples of this type of _ disconcerting feel of Stygian coins dissuades some Restless from
aifact. Relic artifacts are almost never given away and are carrying or exchanging them. Nevertheless, they remain legal
deeply prized by any wraith lucky enough to own them. Un- render for most debts.
like many lesser relics, they never fade. Stygian coins often utter faint wails or sighs. Older ghosts

Master Artificers, itis said, invest part of their essence seem not to notice, but more sensitive wraiths have been known

cts created in the Underworld. Masks of office, po- ro drop their coins and run when they discover the true nature
tent weapons and special tools are built to specification and _ of their cash. Rumor has it that oboli have Shadows; this has
sold for very high prices. To obtain such an item, a wraith must added to the currency's decline in recent years.
perform some great service or take it from its owner. Such arti

facts are neither common nor easily concealed; indeed, many Manacles and chains

can be traced by the essence within them.

i Chains are seen throughout the Underworld; inde
Guilds of Stygia's many sobriquets is the "City of Chains." Chains are
used to control and bind wraiths. They are also used as sym-

3 bols of authority, are worn as ornamentation by Hierarchy types,
Guilds were once fraternal organizations uniting those who

puued mastery in certain Arcanee, Afteraserisofuprainge, flare used to bind artifcts and thereby prevent ther thet

Charon disbanded the guilds and divided trade among the Chains and manacles are actually artifacts created from

Letions according to an elaborate code. Since Charon's disap-  discorporated souls. It is said that those unfortunate wraiths
pearance, these trade articles have been changed of ignored. Who are eaten by the lieges of Stygia are actually excreted in
In the current economic void, barter for services has regained the form of chains. The chains of the Underworld are well and
{tsold importance. Though the guilds are still officially illegal, "uly hated by Renegades and most Lemutes,
the services they offer — built around specialized Arcanos —
are in high demand. The guilds may yet make a comeback. Masks
Mote than anything else, a guild is simply a way to teach
and pass on the secret knowledge inherent to certain Arcanos.
Al guild agents are independent operatives, with no formal
responsibilities. Though some wraiths who excel in a given art
‘are not guild members, most are.

inportant items

Certain items have special importance among the dead, a
social significance above and beyond the item's purpose

Weapons

Archate weapons are widely used throughout the Under-
world; modern weapons require a wraith to prime them with
his own essence, so guns, vehicles and explosives don't work
cheaply or well. Swords and armor, however, can be crafted
fom plasm with Lice effort, and have a mystique and fait perce; the rebels with theisspcit and fractious vision; and

that more utilitarian weapons lack. the faithful, whose fervor and belief inspire the society to great-
Highly ornate and stylish weapons are prized badges of ness or drag it to tyrannical depths. Old habits are indeed hard
office and wealth. Some ancient weapons have passed through to break.
the a after their destruction, becomi This is not to imply that all wraiths belong to some soci-
a etal group; in death, as in life, most just fall between the ex-
tremes that drive the body politic. But as the modern world
grinds forward, engendering Restless in ever-increasing num-
bers, the extremes of Stygian society affect the urban
Shadowlands of the newer wraiths.

Masks are a fundamental element of wraith society, Not
only are they symbols of high station, but they hide a wraith's
true face from others. Many masks are artifacts forged by Nhudri
himself. Possession of a mask by one not authorized to wear
the mask is a crime punishable by discorporation.

Life among the Dead

PESTER «was the best of tes and the worst of times,
<) G2 ena
—Alan Moore, "Revelation," Swamp

Like the human society it mirrors, the
Underworld has its politics: the establish-
ment, with its rules, stability and com-

g relics or even


most part the society ofthe Restless mirrors the most
influential ages of its history. Until the era of Classical Greece,
Stygia did not exist; other, less established realms flourished, creat
ing the foundations of the Far Shores. Even now, the models from.
which legendary Charon took his establishment — the European
systems of confederation, feudalism, and mass industrialism — pro-
vide an odd contrast to modern st. Ages collide in
an increasingly overcrowded urban sprawl. Although there ae still
far fewer Restless than mortals, thousands of years add up.
Restless souls have passed beyond the Underworld (to either
scendence or Oblivion), but many othershave stayed behind. Some
of these wraiths are old indeed, and hold very strange belief

Citcles

Circles are tightly knit groups of wraiths that have banded
together for mutual defense against slavers and Spectres. The
circle isthe fundamental unit of Shadowlands wraith society
In many ways, a wraith's Circle takes the place of

Members of a Circle are bound together by the Haunt (or
Haunts) they all share. Most Circles have fewer than 30 mem:

but seldom fewer than thr

or four,

Some wraiths are not members of a Circle, either because
they are the only survivors of their respective Circles or be-
cause they never joined one in the first place. Such loners typi
cally amount to little and quickly fall into Oblivion.

Factions

Three major political factions fight for domi
the Underworld. With the removal of Charon's stabilizing in
fluence, their battles have agly bloody. Addie
tionally, each faction is fractured internally by dispute.

The faction called the Hierarchy
the authority of Charon, now departed or sh
Gorool. Its minions demand respect and obedience from all
wraiths. The Hierarchy is the most stable and
but also the most confit

‘The Renegades are composed of anarchists and Hierarchs
who broke avay from the fold. While once motivated by po
litical idealism, most now seck nothing more than personal
tification. The Renegade nut can't be
trusted for anything. At best, they are divided by deep philo-
sophical and political differences; many are thugs who care
only for themselves. They roam the Shadowlands freely, but
must do so covertly.

The Heretics are those

over

represents
nby the Malfean

iths who still seek a higher state,

whether in the Far Shores or elsewhere. Composed of many
disparate cults, they occasionally cooperate to oppose the op-
pression of the Hierarchy and the self-centered violence of the
Renegades. More often, they battle each other. Above all else,
the Heretics seek converts. Unfortunately, many Heret
the dupes of Malfean Spectres or the "gods" of the Fa


Intrigue
Oh children don't you weep and moan
Children save your breath
You'll draw a pretty pension
When your daddy meets his death.

"Hard Time:
Politics and intrigue er

‘Underworld than in the lands of the Qui

gaging in all-out war with other factions, wraiths commonly

tum to subterfuge and espiona
ach seeks to collect as much power and influence as possible

¢ to combat their enemies, as

always several diffe
negotiation

nt hidden agendas within every
ind mission. Betrayal and suicidal acts of

1 ‘common.

e a

hile artists and rebels may thrive on chaos,
5 majority of people (and wra -
E order and stability. Even after de
y souls crave a familiar routine, a sys-
| tem of trade, and some degree of order.
{) They want to follow a set pattern, ne -

der off on their own. The world of the liv-

ing is frightening enough; most Restless seek shelter in num:
herswhen faced with the gloom and terror of the Shadowlands.
The Hierarchy answers their needs.

The Hierarchy is the name by which Restless refer to the
vertically integrated institution of wraiths directly bound by
cath, loy submission to Charon's Deathlords. ts reach
extends throughout the Underworld, in not in fact.
The Hierarchy's vassals receive information, authority, re-
sources and protection

for service to the Hierarchy,
but must obey their superiors' orders without question.

Now the foundations of the Hierarchy are crumbling; with
Charon gone,

sho no longer exists. With the passing of Charon's in
Hierarchy leaders ith
keeping up
stops by. Tho
inexcha

ypearances in case anyone from

pledged their fealty

for shipments of precious Stygian m

«asional protection, they can't be bothered with ins
rules and customs.

Thel

thedistane

and oc-
ificant

tury has seen an increase in tensions between
nud of Stygia and the more independent Necropoli


While the former
titles and traditions,

a labyrinthine network of old souls,
e Necropoli bear the stamp of the mod-
em world. Even cities ruled by overlords who died centuries
ago have had to change with the

The polit

archy is as convoluted
ving. The webs of in-
too complicated for even

intimate participants to comprehend fully

Deathlords

ach given a realm from which
en realms of the Deathlords

to lie on the Isle of E
fines of Stygia upon the
ses the now-masterless Deathlords often make
war on one another.

combat one another in the Shadowlands
as well, seekiny yy new souls as they can. They have

gone so far le in worldly affairs, thereby affecting

how people die and in what numbers

Fallen Anges

Originally, the Deathlords were appointed to their pos:
tions by Charon. They were to serve as spiritual guides in roles
B similar to elder Ferrymen. It is ironic that wraiths who were
A originally placed in their positions of power to aid other wraiths
now strive to prevent that very transformation.

All Deathlords currently strive to collect as many souls
and thus power, as possible. The Hierarchy feels that even those
who think of themselves as Heretics or Renegades fall undet
Q their jurisdiction and are therefore subject to their rule. Any
‘one who captures wraiths from outside the Hierarchy and brings
them to the applicable Deathlord is well rewarded,

Lesions

Each Legion has its own style, techniques, artifacts and,

apacities.

of Silence
th
— Overseer of the victims of Despair

* The Seat of Golden Tears
—held by the Beggar Lord
— Overseer of the victims of Mystery
* The Seat of Thorns
—held by the Emerald Lord
— Overseer of the victims of Happenstance :

* The Seat of Burning Waters

— held by the Smiling Lord

of the victims of Violence


*# The Seat of Shadows
— held by the Ashen Lady

— Overseer of the victims of Old Age
*# The Seat of Succor
—held by the Laughing Lady

— Overseer of the victims of Madness
*# The Seat of Dust
—held by the Skeletal Lord

— Overseer of the victims of Pestilence
The Seat of Fate
— held by the Ladies of Fate

— Liege of the Hands of Fate

Deathmarks

Long ago, the Ferrymen noted that most wraiths were
‘mlomned with peculiar marks that could be perceived only by
those with the Arcanos of Faralism. These marks could be clas-
sied on the basis ofthe patterns they made upon the Corpus.
Those who could discern the marks stated that they resembled
birthmarks seen on the living, although they varied much more
in color and texture: some were seemingly carved into the
wrath's Corpus, while others were sharply raised like scars

Eventually the Ferrymen noted a connection berween the
typeof person the wraith had been while alive and the pattern
of the marks. Experimenting, they noted that the marks re-
flected the way the person had led her life while among the
living, and thus showed what her individual path to Transcen-
dence entailed.

Prior to the great Evacuation, when Charon banished the
Heretics to the Far Shores, the Hierarchy uti deathmarks
6a means of interpreting which group of Shining Ones the
nth should join in her efforts to pursue Transcendence. In.
recent times, the Hierarchy has all but ignored deathmarks,
referring to classify souls on the basis of how they died rather
than how they lived.

Ever since the Heretics were banished from Stygia, the
Hierarchy has begun visibly branding wraiths in ways that re-
semble deathmarks, in apparent mockery of the way in which
they used to classify souls. Because they now divide souls based
‘on how the person died, they use this method of branding to
mark soulsas the property of one Deathlord or another. Those
‘who wish to demonstrate their loyalty to the Hierarchy Moliate
themselves in elaborate patterns to proclaim their obedience
to their Lord or Lady.

Patrols

Many Lemure Circles in the Hierarchy are formed into
loose units of multitalented wraiths; these units, known as pa-
trols, are the backbone of the Legions. Once they were merely

another arm in the great bureaucracy of the Hierarchy. In re-
cent years, however, some patrols have grown more autono-
mousand have begun to demand increasing freedom and power.
Indeed, many Shadowlands patrols have become virtual
cenaries

This increased autonomy enrages and frustrates the
Deathlords, but there is little they can do. Instead, they work
covertly to manipulate the Circles through bribery, blackmail,
coercion and infiltration.

Barghests

The Deathlords turn certain wraiths into bloodhounds,
or barghests as they are most ofte alled, Barghests are wraiths
who have been Moliated into monstrous shapes and "loboto-
mized" by the grafting ofa specially prepared mustle of Stygian
iron to their Corpus. The wraith who holds the corresponding

"whistle" for a brace of barghests controls their actions.
Barghests are animalistic and feral, but have extremely keen
senses.

Braces of barghests search the Shadowlands for
(or other beings) who bear significant amounts of Obli
taine. When barghests catch the scent of a tainted being, they
emit a terrible, gleeful baying. Certain sensitive mortals can
this baying through the shroud that separates the
Shadowlands from the Skinlands.

Ranks ofthe Legion

Legionnaire

Legionnaire is the lowest rank, and the st

even he

ting point for
every member of the Hierarchy. Legionnaires do not usually
have regular duties, but are summoned to a Citadel and as-
signed duties as needed. Successful completion of such duties
isthe only way to rise in rank. Legionnaires are encor xd to
anbers, and many use their Citcles to help carry
out their missions. Patrols are formed primarily of Legionnaires.

Centurion

Centurions are the leaders of Hierarchy patrols. Centuri-
cons have a great deal of power over those they meet. Their
positions are constantly challenged by those beneath thi
however, and Centurions must rise in rank quickly or risk be- J
ing cast aside.

Marshal

The next most powerful rank is that of Marshal. Marshals
are placed in charge of a certain arca around a Citadel. Often
based our of a smaller Haunt, a Marshal may have a number of
patrols under her authority. Appointed by the A

con of


shals are somewhat more secure in theis posi-
the Centurions.

A Regent rules a number of the perimeter Haunts around

" Mar.

Regent organizes and coordinates
in that area

han anything
the activities of the Le

FB erlord

Overlords are bi

HY the personal ass

sible for many

Anacreon

Anac
appoints all lesser ranks in her Le; ons receiv
tifacts and coins directly fro
they send there, and pé

those under their command.

Justice System

The Hierarchy has its own system of laws. The laws pro:

tect as well as punis
obey the dict:

of Fate, in which ca:
epts the alternative ju


* Enslavement — The most common form of pun

of the offending wraith. C

ishment is ensl

placed around the offender, effectively making her the

‘of another wraith,

# Torture — Far surpassing anythi To break the tes that bo

But harder sil to bear the shame
Of foreign chains around us

and are

¢ infinitely more paint
extremely difficult to heal. Of co
tures of spirit, the most lasting pain involves m

se, because

gush.

chy incarcerates While soft winds shake the barley.

ons of prisons used by mor- "The Wind that Shake
made of Stygian metal

# Imprisonment — Often the Hie
Shadow!
einforced

criminals

he Barley" (traditional)
e those who oppose, deny or rebel against

i it stands for. Not surprisingly,

they are constantly hunted by the Hierarchy. Over the year
however, Renegades have carved out their own niche in the

committing the same crimes. Serious criminals are branded
upon their foreh

Shadow
* Discorporation — Certain criminals are taken to

Siygia and hurled into the Artificers' forges, where they are

smelted into goods.

¢ Renegades. Indeed, the very
antiauthoritarian Renegades makes cooperation
in their ranks di sporadic. Renegades ac


rnegades lead a perilous existence. They of-
ten fall prey to Spectres and other Tempest beasts. Renegades
‘must remain mobile, and thus most Renegade Haunts tend to
be short-term hideouts. Only a few secret Haunts have lasted
for any length of time, and the locations of these safe hia
are known only to the most trusted members of each faction

Until the last few years, the Hierarchy dealt effectively
with most active threats to it by the Renegades. However, re-
cent internecine Hierarchy conflicts and Spectre incursions
have occupied the Deathlords' attention, prompting a result-
ing increase in Renegade terrorism.

Many Renegades have infiltrated the Hierarchy, using a
facade of respectability to cover acts of subversion and sabo-
c. Indeed, large numbers of Renegades have joined the
Stygian Legions, and wait only for the signal to strike...

Heretics

ain is each threat or supplicating prayer;
He drives them exiles from their blest abode,

Many wraiths have founded their own groups based around
common beliefs and the search for Transe
"Heretics" by the Hierarchy, these wraiths follow
ed to some higher ideal, force or place. Many Heretics wi
10 10 extreme lengths to gain new converts for their cults, u
ing their powers to perform

mon is a deep-seated antipathy for other, for they all
compete for souls, both living and dead. However, in the

collective persecution, they have leamed to work together. The
Deathlords are greedy, and are content with nothing less than,
ll the souls in existence. In order to combat them, the Her-

tics have no choice but to cooperate.

Problem forthe Hierarchy

The Hierarchy's problems with Heretics continue to grow
as more and more Lemures put the these cults. Such
wraiths are often contemptuous or even hostile to the Hi
chy. Furthermore, it is whispered thar some within the
chy are secretly Heretics themselves.

The Hierarchy maintains a fim sti 1 heresy stomp
ing it out ruthlessly. However, most Hierarch leaders have ne
ther the resources nor the inclination to implement the p
fully. Most ignore all but the t affronts to the Hierar-
chy, preferring to keep the peace and not squander theie strength,
"They believe the real enemy to be the Renegades.

sen faith after proving himself in some way. In return, the wraith
is expected to serve the cult faithfully. Servic n
forming strange missions, capturing Thrall ating en-
‘or recruiting others. Good service is rewarded with in-
creasing status and power.

Some Heretics lose their faith and end up leaving theit
re recruited into other cults. Others attempt to
‘own radical fringe cults so they can acquire power
for themselves. Many ex-members simply depart to other
Necropoli, though most exist in constant fear of being hunted
down by the Hicrarchy's barghest packs.

Outsiders

va
i
spiritual seas, the pathfinders through the
5) Tempest, the wardens of the Byways, and
in some ways the spiritual guides to all in
the Underworld. For acons thei self-appointed duty has been
to guide those souls who were ready ro cross the dangerous
expanse of the Tempest and arrive at their just destination. It
is not easy to obtain a Ferryman's aid, but once on
he will protect his cha
The Ferrymen divorce themselves from the petty con
of other pitts. They constantly travel between the Ne

assistance is often
‘gate and maintain the Byways through the Tempest
Ferrymen do not always take what the traveler would con:

tonavi-

another Ferryman.

Ferrymen are fearsome warrior, for they must be able tode-
fend themselves from the creatures of the Tempest that incre
ingly infest the Byways. The Ferymen are responsible for ma
taining the roads and paths leading from the Shadowlands toStyga
and the Far Shores. With the tides of Oblivion at the flood stag,


these roads and p
Maelstroms, ryone values the Ferrymen for thei
through the Tempest without harm.

id that the Ferrymen seck to guide wra enter the Sha any time.

dence, se Mentors to those who prove wor. Thereare
thy of their aid. Still, most wraiths' only contact with these briefly described below.
enigmatic guides is in their roles as pathfinders and guides * Shades

through the Tempest

Spectres

Many wraiths succumb to temptation and allow their Shad-

sctres. Some are listed and

Shades are monstrous, twisted, ¢
Oblivion. The Corpus of a Shade

n ken. Their presence is considered an abomination by

ed creatures of
ally mutated beyond

ows to consume theirsouls. These wraiths, known as Spectres, are

ectres who have achieved incredible powe
able to exist in the Tempest without being discorporated. They

not only survive the chaos, bue prosper from it. Spectres have
ly Prospe

nt Malfeans tend to
fully acey

ed their Shadows and exist only in that mode. Need:
less to say, th

arious regions of the Tempest, shaping it to their
whims. Woe to the wraith who has one of these fearful cr

tures enter his Harrowing!
ble cunning and ferocious power, who pe ‘Some Mal

tiodically emerge from the depths of the Tempest. They are
why so many fear to travel the Byways of the Tempest

fe extraordina

ily dangerous.

Most wraiths know Spectres as shadowy, monstrous enti-
ties, possessing tet

ns have even deluded Heretic cults into wor:
shipping them as gods. These Malfeans are particularly dan
for they have minions and emis:
Shadowlands.

Spectres are able to communicate empathically with the

Shadows of wraiths, and sometimes di ak to them.

More information about Spectres is included in the Appendix.
a wraith — every (pp. 231-233),

able to evoke

They often seem to know everything

weakness, every Fetter. Some Spe

awraith's Shadow and use its infk


Chapter Three:
orytelling

Tonce dreams I was telling stories and felt someone patting my
foot in encouragement. | looked down and saw that I was standing
6 the shoulders of an old woman who was steadying my ankles and
soning up at me

1 said to her, "No, no, come stand on my shoulders, for you
ave old and I am young.

'No, no, "she insisted, "This is the way i is supposed to be."
| saw that she stood on the shoulders of a woman far older than she,
who stood om the shoulders of a woman even older.

isa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run with the Wolves

When we press our faces to this ghostly mirror, the reflec
a party, trying to tion we see is still our own. It's distorted, perhaps, but recog-
est ghost story? Deep inside us _ nizable. The Storyteller's job is to hold that mirror before 1
players and them a long, scary look.

nds — and ourselves If you're new to storytelling games, playing or running a

to death. The urge ‘asdeeply game may seem awkward at first. We have
imbedded as the urge to tell stories, and no

subject is more fascinatin

having our entertainment provided for us in nice, neat
ages. Wraith requires you to be your own entertainer

lows us to create our
fh we play the ghosts. Wraiths
—and, by extension, the game —are metaphors for ourseh
By setting ourselves inside the World of Darkness for an
‘evening, we can look into a funhouse mirror that reflects the
darkest aspects of our world. The stories to be found here are

sents guide id techniques for running
your own Wraith game. Players ani will profit
by reading it; the quality of any Wraith tale depends as much
upon the players' ralents as those of the $


= Parr Sb Ghost Story

Most stories are passive. One
teller addresses an audience, which listens

cor watches for as long as it finds the pre

sentation entertaining. Movies, TY, live
theater and even books are examples of
this: a story is conce ed and given to its audience for

their amusement.

re different.
Storyteller to cre
ns. Each player takes

¢ of the story. Storytelling
eractive and original, as
ppoeed vo paaive. The eyneny Inherent 9 play produc
story greater than anything a single Storyteller could create.
eller

Players create the story's characters, but the Stor
creates the world. This is a challenging job. Guiding a group
of players through a collaborative myth can be an intimidate
«J occasionally frustrating endeavor. Fleshing outa world,
ating and playing a host of secondary characters, arbitrat
ing rules and crafting scenarios can be difficult tasks. None-
theless, the chance to make a dre is well worth
the trouble. While the other players carve their niches in the
world, you give them the world itself

Wraith has a number of elements to help the beginning
Storyteller find her vo the

ample chro
thapter that ou
erences between our reality and the world of Wraith,
a system of rules designed for simplicity and elegance — and

This chapter outlines the techniques of effective
provides some brief rule-related hints, and discusses
storytelling elements peculiar to the world of Wraith,

While the suggestions given in this chapter will help the
Storyteller jugy in mind that Wraith
nlightening,
thuilling, heart-rending or exhilarating, but if i isn't enjoy.
"t worth playing. The first rule is to have fun — be
fair, be creative and take chances. The second rule, however,
is to remember that the tale is the thing: bogging a game down
d needless complication robs it of its magic.
yers should enjoy telling ghost stories together
wating, boring or frustrating, why bother?
Story comes first; rules come second,

is, first and foremost, a

In fact, the third rule is that there are no rules — only
guidelines. Enjoy!


ltetanment

Iesalor like life, and that's what's appealing
If you despise that throwaway feelin from disposable fun,
‘Then this is the one.

—Depeche Mode, "Master and Servant"

Though a Storyteller will have many motivations, her
overriding goal should be to enter her players. Game time
is an investment of sorts — you and your players could be
watching a movie, going on a date, playing softball or juse hang-
ing out. By spending time on your game, your players are mak-
ing an investment. Their good faith and your work and skill
will hopefully pay off for all of you. Afterall the hard work
that goes into preparing a nothing is more satisfying
than watching your players have a genuinely good time. The
pleasure of a job well done is your reward
orytelling is a chance to show off, an opportunity to
display your creativity to your friends, and a way to have them.
share in a common experience. Sometimes, however, the de-
sire to showboat or to please one's friends grows too strong.
You can go too far to please your players, watering down the
game just to make them feel important, of, conversely, lord
your position over them. Either technique can lead to prob-
lems.

When everything proceeds correctly, your players will
guide their characters through a richly woven story to even-
tual success. Adversity and setbacks abound, especially for the
Restless, but the characters should succeed at some of their
even in the face of tragedy and fear. Balancing
's problems and perils with the players' abilities and
but the more seamlessly you balance these

ill be-

desires takes practic
elements, the more exciting
come

Using the Rules

‘The Storyteller niles system is designed to elevate drama
tion over dice and charts. As a Storyteller, you should
simplicity in mind. Trying to create a set of rules to cover
every contingency and possibility would be a thankless and
ing task (not to mention an impossible one); trying
ne while holding your place in half a dozen differ-
ent rulebook is difficule at best.

Accordingly, Storyteller flexibility and judgment are im-
portant; as Storyteller, you must be the final interpreter of the
rules and must decide in a practical way how those rules apply
in her game. Faimess and consistency are crucial. You must
act impartially and reasonably for everyone involved if you're
going to wield that power.

You will sometimes be obliged to invent new rules, oreven
break old ones. Twisting or breaking rules is often necessary to
tell the best story. To maintain your players' trust, however,

nd powerful your stories

you should avoid breaking the rules on a regular basis. While
throwing an occasional wrench into the works is appropriate
for Wraith, changing the rules too frequently without g
reason simply undermines the stability of the world you are
trying to create. You may decide to change the rules perma-
rently in some way, but everyone should know when the rules
have been changed.

Ici important that you develop the style of storytelling
that best suits you and decide what you need to do to make it
work. Do you like to try to structure things as much as pos-
sible, following the rules and creating a clear, consistent world
or do you prefer to wing it, rarely consult-
es or character sheets?

Your style will most likely fall somewhere between these
two extremes; this is entirely up to you. It is nearly impossible
to guess your style of storytelling before you actually begin to
play; styles are developed through trial and error. Only experi-
cence will tell what works best for you. Le:
nove, but be consistent.

Elements of Wraith

reso engaged in doing things t achieve pur-
poses of outer value that we forget that th
ner value, the rapture that is associated with
being alive, is what it's all abou.

—Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth

Wraiths are both heroes and antihe-
roes: while the stereotypical hero embod
ies virtue, courage and hope, wraiths are often dominated by
greed, cowardice and despair. The existences of many wraiths
are ruled by greed for souls, fear of Oblivion and the desire for
Transcendence. Many among the Restless, however,
heroes in the classic sense; like a hero of myth, the w:
soul stands out from the common mass, descends (literally
into the Underworld, faces and combats the dark side of her

fe yourself room to

self, and hopefully comes away better for the trial. Dreary
afterlives are for Drones and Thralls; a Wraith character looks
death in the face and laughs.

A number of el

1c of
ng
ce require special han-
ime. Atmosphere and suspension of
portant tools. Without these elements,
Wraith becomes just another game — fun, but ultimately shal-
low.

Theme

A unifying theme or collection of themes is central to
storytelling games. Wraith has many themes
terror, transcendence and defiance are but a fev

nts must be juggled within a ga
Wraith; many themes and ideas are unique to tales invol
the Restless. Horror, terror and
dling to be
disbelief are all-

fective

alienation,
Themes fo-


cus the attention of both the players and the Storyteller to-
ward a shared vision, turning a simple exercis

intrigue or
mayhem into a story with resonance and meaning.

A theme isa unifying idea or concept behind a story: One
tale can have many themes, while an extended chronicle can

have a single underlying idea. A chronicle about tracking a
serial killer may cover a lot of ground through different stories.

Each of these stories will have a central theme; one may cen

ter around a mother-daughter conflict, while the next con-
centrates on recurring nightmares. The themes of the stories
within the chronicle will vary, but vengeance, the central

theme behind the scenario, colors the chron as a whole,

‘The themes below merely scratch the surface of the game.
This list is by no means complete; you will, within your own
‘games, create greater and more varied themes than we could
list.

* Isolation — Many among the Restless exist as bitter
exiles from a life they never lived to begin with. Death has
forced them to learn about life, and now it's too late to go
back. While a wraith may Embody of Skinride fora shore time,

she is trapped berween the Oblivion she fears and the life she
can no longer enjoy. Many ghosts become brutally materialise

tic, hoarding and enslaving their own kind to compensate for

the things they can no longer touch. Others just sit and watch
as the living world goes by without them.

Wraith players will probably take a more active role in
their afterlives than many ghosts do. They must defy the lone:

liness felt when nothing can be trusted and everything seems
to die before their eyes. Characters must fight to overcome
their isolation and make a difference, both in their world and
the world of mortals.

# Fear — What could be a more natural theme for a ghost
story than fear? The living have traditionally been afraid of
restless spirits. Why? Is this an uncertain fascination with death
itself, or the dread that those spirits may be angry with us for
living when they do not? What fear, then, drives a ghost? The
fear of death is gone, but terror remains. Why?

Most wraiths exist in fear — fear of each other, fear of

loneliness, and, worst of all, fear of annihilation, of the de-
struction of their identity. Oblivi
two ha

ind Transcendence are
ves of the same coin: either one may mean t
tion of the wraith's personality. Torment, to many moder
people, is preferable to obliteration. Some people would rather
bur in Hell forever than leave their identity behind.

*# Inner Conflict — The wraith's worst foe is her Shadow,
the epitome of everything she suppresses, hates and fears about
herself. When you're dead, there's nowhere to hide from that
aspect of yourself, Just as ghosts are trapped outside of life, they
are, in many ways, trapped inside their own heads. Will the
wraith succumb to the temptations of the Shadow or hold fast.
to her beliefs?

* Defiance — A defiant attitude is often useful in the
world of the dead. With so many souls wrapped up in their


y oF in chains held by othe h wraith must ei-

ake control of his own destiny or fll into slavery. Wraiths
continue to exist in defiance of death itself; most characters
will wane to rebel against the rigid systems and soul-slavery of
the Underworld as well, pursuing their own goals in the af
life
* Triumph — Eventual triumph over death, despair and
the Shadow offers a long-term goal to Wraith players. Defeat-
ing agents of the Hier Spectres or
cr trie

chy or Renegades, besting
killing your murderer all qualify as small triumphs.

tumphs include finding Transcendence by coming to terms with
yourself, battling your inner Shadow and winning, and refus
ing to succumb to despair despite the pain that the afterlife
aay bring

Suspension of Disbelief

The Restless, by their very nature, raise certain questions
and require careful handling. Suspe of di ief, the prime
‘element of any story, is especially important raith game.
If your ghosts seem ridiculous or inconsistent, your game will
suffer for i.

Setting a be
players to accept the reality of the Underworld, the odd fea:
tures composi

le scene is essential; if you can get your

itare easy to swallow. Consistent internal logic
lity; all things should work the
a compelling reason (like the warped
reality of the Tempest) why they do not.

Establish a reality to suspend your players' disbelief. Con-

sistency excuses a multitude of sins.

Tree
1 act the vole in classi style of a martyr
Carved with a twisted smile,

To bleed the lyric for this song

To write the rites to right my wrongs
An epitaph to a broken dream

To exorcise this

A scream that's bome from sorrow
—Marill ript for a Jester'
Although the point of most roleplaying

heroic and triumph against overwhelming o
you may wish to tell a very dramatic and, from a storytelling
standpoint, satisfyingly tragic story. Tragedy is often handled
poorly, but this is because many people think that it is simply
not true. A tragic story
flaw who, because of
istake and then, at some point

ds, occasionally

es. This
chara

astory about sud circumst
vith a

Isabouta charac
this flaw, makes one critical
(usually when itis too lat
why he made it, He then changes and, for better or worse, goes
on to meet his fate. He faces his fate with dignity, courage and

izes what that mistake is and

and in the end, we admi

nd empathize with him.


EP To tell a good tragedy, you must understand it in the literary

sense, not the colloquial sense

A tragic story can be just as beautiful and as uplif
heroic one. Even if you don't tell a tragic story, you can
elements of tragedy in your main story: regret, loss, fara flaws
and missed chances are the meat and drink ood Wraith

Horror and Terror

different emotions. Each has its place in Ws
Terror is the intellectual idea that something
ates within

hension that has begun to take on s
on the wall seems not quite right, a ch:
feel terror

Terror implies that all is not yet lost. While a roller-coaster
ride evokes thrills of terror, there is still a safe zone. The cause
of terror need not be an overt threat of physical violence. It's
much more subtle than horror, and ean be far more effective.
The anticipation or dread of some disaster is often more com-
pelling than the disaster itself

‘¢ Horror — Horror is the almost physical revuls
comes when safe boundaries have been shattered.
people may be horrified by the sight of blood
and stomachs might give way under truly repul
thinkable revelations

Violation is the key to horror — physical violation (as-
sault, mut ind raw grossir
(things that must not and should
tion (utter betraya andonn
aries that p
care when Pl haracter
Horror enterta sensual (see When to
Stop, below). If terror is er ride, horror is what
happens when the car jumps its tracks and falls.

Romance

The easy attainment of love makes it of little value; difficulty
of attainment makes it
Andreas Capellanus, The Art of Courtly Love

Ic is all too easy to dismiss romance as an option for
storytelling. Many people view ro
Sul, W wides a wealth of r
do not
self (and your stories) short.

Take heart. Many people prefer romance when it is pre-

on your characters — it will feel forced,
romance should never be is forced.

Wait iin


When running romance, it is best to understand what
motivates the characters and try to create Storyteller charac-
ters tailored to their desires. Be sensitive to th 1s' wishes.
Just because a character loved someone in life do
that the feelings

‘not mean
in in death. You should explore how the
ter {eels about his former loved ones. Show the wraith
howa loved one is affected by death. Be patient —no matter
be able to

¢ with them.

how much you may like romance, you may ne
interest your players in it unless you can be p
If the player is amenabl

mantic stories involving

you ean play wonderfully ro-
ging across the chasm of death, of
aliving lover essentially willing herself to die for her lost love,
of the pain stemming from a fallen love and how the lover
who is left behind remembers his former love. You can also
move these stories beyond the traditio
ing the lovers time to b

like Phantasm and Embody

ful a

Even more b
The inherently tray ds to the story:
will Oblivion erode the love they have woven from darkness?
Often, rom:

‘two who fall in love after death.

c of their love a

nd tragedy combine to produce stories of
unsurpassed beauty and pain,

Knowing When to Stop

A funny thing happens when people tell stories together.
They take risks, let themselves go, and evoke aspects of them-
selves that they suppress in daily life. This can, in moderation,
bea great thin,

sks ina
od. Players

ne needs a release, But taking
expe

social situation leaves many people fe

can take offense
Roleplaying

nd become disturbed by i
cathartic; that is to say, it b
nd impulses.

inary things.
up and purg.
ratharsis is healthy, but leaves that

deep feelings

person feeling more vulnerable than usual. This is especially
true when dealing with horror and fear. It's fun to walk along
thae tightrope. Falling can be another thing entirely

sar and frustration
head-on. Through our characters, we can live vicariou:
amining things we fear to touch and performi
wouldn't dare attempt in real life. Sometimes, though, the line
between fantasy and fear blurs, an
when that line is facling

Chronicle

Gaming is a wonderful way of facing

good Storyteller knows

idea. Ifa story is a chapter in a book, than

the chronicle is the book itself

Individual

ries are obviously important

toa storytelling game, but the chro

des a backdrop and foundation to t

The Nature of Fear

Part of the fun of playin
h unl terrifying sto
es, wateh

ries on a regular bee

Wraith is that y
yourself fic
afraid when situation: we

si 5s Its important for
eller

ide what to inchale in her Wraith s

You should always realize that a roleplaying

play, and your Sto

cr; this is what makes playing,

th fear fun rather than unpleasant

IL is suggested that you slevelop some means

storyteller when you feel that the

ne close tothe limit
after all, th

sit through s

fearful qualities of your game have
hat you find comfortable
should not
Unpleasant if you den

ame, and things
to experience it
For examph ath

raid of spiders. Her
Mark knows

aracter, Jamie, may' 1

fraid of

that Brenda és
into the stor ene in the
where Jami

lel room wh
rk begins dlese

scrawl all

we and spindly tes
still hav
furs. Then Mark &

here to bite her on the ley and start spinning

round her charac nda can't take any more of

ut. C is still wrapped up ina
omehow h 1. Be

I Mark

nature of giving e«
1 shouldn't real-life

{ Wraith,

1 0 player's fear

as a whole. A strongly constructed chronicle can help players sus-
pend disbelief by providing a vivid setting for theie imaginations. A
good chronic
your stores in

is memorable, enjoyable and meaningful. By set
a world, you and your players c

ate mythology

here Sng

Crating a Cherie

Begin brainstorming for your chronicle long before your
players create their characters. The sharper your ideas and
overall concept from the outset, the berter everything else will
work later. It can be time-consuming to create a Wraith
chronicle, but the work you do at the beginning will pay off
throughout future play sessions.

Laying the groundwork is a good place to start. Establish
your setting, antagonists and overall theme at first, then work
‘outward from there. Be flexible; your ideas will change as you
go on. Let them.

Where will your chronicle take place? Would you prefer a
town, acity or some rural area? Will your characters remain in
the Shadowlands for the most parr, or do they possess Arcanos
thatallow them to travel into the living world? Is your chronicle
set around a Necropolis; ifs0, which one? What is it like?

‘Once you establish your setting, you need to decide what
connects and unites the characters. At this point, you should
develop the primary antagonists of the players — memorable
adversaries have distiner personalities and motivations. Finally,
decide the general direction and theme that you would like
the tale to take. Don't be too rigid in this. Your chronicle will
take some surprising turns.

Setting

While Chapter Two of this book provides a basic setting and.
background, the tasks of mapping and populating the local Under-
world fall to you. If your game begins, as many do, in the
f) Shadowlands, decide on a location where you want to set things
and think aboue the dark reflection of that location in the Under-
world. How old is your setting? sit dyingin the living world? What
‘are some local landmarks? Where will your characters begin?

Some places will become common sites in your story —
the chapel near one person's grave, a library, the back alley
where another character died, and £0 on. Most of these loca-
tions will tie into the group's Fetters, but other sites will be-
‘come important after their deaths. Familiar places anchor the
chronicle at certain points and keep the players involved in a
cohesive story. You need to make these places come alive for
the players; until the players can understand and envision their
setting, the characters cannot fully exist.

Characters

‘The characters are the most important elements of a
chronicle and need to be the focus of every story. As such,
player involvement in creating the chronicle is paramount to.
success. This may seem obvious, but it is all too easy to fall
into the trap of designing a seemingly wonderful chronicle that
does not involve the characters as its protagonists.

Most character groups will evolve round their Circle; player
characters tend to find safety in numbers, and this is doubly tue
in Wraith. Your players may be united by a common cause of
death, a single Fetter ora compelling purpose. This unifying thread
will give all of you a springboard from which to launch your
chronicle. Establishing the nature of the Circle ahead of time will
save you a lor of rrouble in the long run.

Get involved in character creation; telling your players
what to do isn't a good idea, but a guiding hand will ensue
thar the pieces fit together smoothly. Depending on your
chronicle, you may even have to dictate some aspects of char-
acter creation, but be careful to explain, at least vaguely, why
such directives are important to the chronicle.

Antagonists

‘The opponents the characters face in the course of a chronicle
are very important. Antagonists provide a foil for reflecting what
the characters strive to attain; on a more immediate level, they
‘add excitement and conflict to the chronicle. A great villain can
make all the difference in a beginning chronicle, while a weak
‘one may spoil the most elaborate of rales.

Nothing holds a chronicle together, story to story, better
than a good villain — an individual (or close group) the char-
acters know is malevolent or evil. During the course of the
chronicle, the characters should confront the same villain(s)
time and time again. This provides continuity to the chronicle
‘as well asa familiar face that the players may well love to hate.
If the same villain or group can be found opposing the charac-
ters at every turn, you will heighten the players' involvement.

‘The most important antagonists the characters face, how-
ever, are their own Shadows. Turmoil within the individual is
a central theme in Wraith. Each Shadow should have a dis-
tinct nature — they are not merely "bad angels" on their
Psyche's shoulders, but che summation of all chat is most fright-
ening in that character's soul. Shadows must depth, com-
plexity and motivation. Villainy is not caricature; the most
memorable villains are the ones who are the most human,

Title

Almost every book, play, movie, poem, painting and sculp-
ture has a ttle; you may want your chronicle to have one as well,
Give your chronicle a title and have the players put it on thei
character sheets. The title of the chronicle may be as elaborate or
as simple as you want, and the title itself may foreshadow things
tocome. A title like "The Laughing Darkness" may suggest more
‘ominous things to your players than you yourself had in mind.


als are, and how they plan to
achieve those goals. Independent of the
characters, the antagonists of the piece pursue their own ends,
which lead them into conflict with the

roup.
Story-driven plots hinge on the characters' reactions to
their antagonists. Stopping their enemies should be in the

Circle's best interests. The chronicle ends with the success or

ponists' sch

<driven plotlines can be easy to run because the Story-
decisions to advance her
chronicle. Ifthe group doesn't act, their enemies grow stronger.

The biggest danger of designing this type of plot is balancing
the villains and the player characters. If the antagonists are too
powerful, the game can become frustrating. In story-driven plots,
the Storyteller must give players opportunities for success. Let them
have afew chances to stop Enfants in the service of the enemy ox

‘ensh some ghost-hunters. Otherwise, players may decide that they
don't havea chance and refuse to confront their persecutors. Asa
general rule, an enemy's plan should have three or more things
at could go wrong, Abo, itis easier to upgrade enemies than
vde them,

Despite the advantages ofthe story-driven plot, most begin-
ning Wraith chroniclesare characterdriven. Inacharacterdriven
plot, the focus shifts tothe player characters. The Storyteller tries
a set of goals. The
Storyteller should sketch out some motivations for the charac
ters If, as Storyteller, you don't know what a particular charac
terwantsin life ask the player. Good players recognize the poten-
tial fora plotline and tend to follow it if they are given the right
reasons. This type of plot gives the players gr dom in dic-

usu

to manipulate the characters into

fre
tating the pace of the chronicle. Ie works well for quests, where
the characters have to find an object or ha
task, Strong Storyteller-tun allies help a Storyteller influence this
ype of chronicle, especially ifthe Storyteller controls a character
that is a Circle member.

For desig

character-driven plot, roryteller
dl then comes up with reasons for the
aracters to pursue it. There are two ways to motivate ch

— positive reinforce

determines the go

t (the carrot method) and ne;
tive reinforcement (the stick method). To keep the players

moving toward a goal, vary the use of these methods depend:
ing on what g

ss the most response.

The carrot method involves off waracters a re


want and decide to go after it. Let the players make the deci-
sion you want them to make, but don't force them to do it

Make notes on a few possible carrots.

the characters to suffer in some
al. The punishment does not
have to be directed at the characters themselves. Often, it works
better if Contacts, Thralls or mortal friends suffer instead of
the chi

Once you've determined the goal, you need to create ob-
stacles to impede the characters' path. Obstacles include en.
emies, but they can also include terrain, lack of knowledge or
lack of power. Individual stories in a charac
er around overcoming these obstacles.

driven plotline

Chronicle Concepts

Chronicle concepts define who the characters are and what
situations they will encounter. The best way to keep you

interesting isto start it off interesting, soit helps to choose a

concept with lots of plot hooks that in
your players. A few of the possibilities a
* The True Believers
The Circle works for one of the th
the Underworld — the Hierarchy, the Here
des — and believes strongly in its cause (or pretends to

major factions of
of the Ren-

icters are on the low end of the tot
sent on the dirtiest jobs

ad the most hopeless
assignments. Depending on the attitude of their superiors, this,
could

a glorious campaign to set things right and improve
the world, or near-torment at the bottom of the bureaucratic
t. Thou
resources than

the characters may have access to greater
ancers or neutrals, they also must keep theit

faction's ends in sight...which may make it difficult to tend to
their own Fetters and Passions.
Bei

this ma

use of the "go there, do this" slant to the situation,

be a good beginning chronicle: straightforward in-
structions and clear goals are helpful when learning a new game
Once the characters and pla
may become limiting. They can
working for or against their on
me a bit

1s gain confidence, the concept
en easily strike out on their

ind shake

cep in mind that there are more forces in the World of
Da just the Hierarchy, Renegades and Heretics
‘Vampires, werewolves and n known to contact the
Restless 8 or protection in return
for services rendered. In adi

offer
ion, other creatures of the Um-
bbra have unknown powers and incomprehensible motives that

times and mig

could ¢

* Staying Neutral

der very...unusua... assignments.


the fact that no one around them is likely ro stop their intrigu-
ing, the characters may find themselves under fire in turf battles
to test their neutrality, or even to test the strength of Gangs
and Cohorts without fear of retaliation by more powerful
lies. Their friends, whether few or many, wll find i difficul to
help them without compromising their own positions. Even-
tually, they could become respected for their stand and sought
after to arbitrate disputes, but status of that sort will come
slowly, if ar all

Of course, the Circle might avoid direct loyalties just to
play all ends against the middle. Some spies and freelancers do
this. Watch out -
the VIPS call "expen
* The Guardians
Home is where the heart is, and the wraiths of this

double agents and mercenaries are what

le"

chronicle are out to protect what they love, no matter what
They have living relatives and friends — strong Fetters — and
now that they know, firsthand, what the afterlife holds, the
characters seek to prevent both supernatural and mundane
forces from disturbing whae they hold dear.

This kind of chronicle allows plenty of detective work,
strong roleplaying opportunities and crossover stories. Be care-
ful not to limit the game to "what's bothering our living friends
this week?" One mysterious phenomenon in the neighborhood
could

asily fuel session after session. And don't forget: the
Underworld isn't likely to leave the characters to their own
devices for long.

nden
‘The Underworld isa w

tation between this life and the
next, and the characters just want to move on. They may know
(or think they know) exactly what needs to be done, or they
tay spend their time desperately seeking that information,

The characters' battle to conquer their Shadows will prob
ably become a major theme of the chronicle, so be prepared to
explore the darker half of the game extensively

Ofcourse, ifthe ch

acters are still seekers, they ma
the length and breadth of the Underworld follo

and leads concerning Transcendence. Ferrymen are rumored
to know a clue or two, some of the agents of the F:
insist that they know bits and pice
contact stranger things as well.

* Espionage

In an intrigue-flled society like that of the Restless, good
‘agentsate in constant demand. Eaely in their afterlife, the char
acters in this type of chronicle are "recruited" by th
sence-gathering division of the Hierarchy, the Hereti
Renegades. Now, with a little experience under th
they start to receive more interesting assignments. The entire
Circle could be sent on a variety of missions: infiltrating one
of the other factions, "assassinating" or capturing important
figures, executing terrorist-style missions, or acting as norm:
"citizens" and keeping their eyes open. In a more difficult

nario, they could be double agents. They can be honorable or
atirely dishonest, and they may not even understand which
side they work for.

the characters could easily become involved with other Awa
ened creatures. Keeping tabs on the vampire prince ofa city is
a more-than-full-time job... is spying o1
werewolves on behalf of a Hierare

'* Babes in the Woods
The chi among the extremely recently deceas
and have little or no memory of their past lives. As new arr
als, they know h:
This isa problem
ths might be under the care and tutelage of a
ed wraith or under indoctr
of the Hie

ily anything about the Underworld, either.

Young wr
more expe

ation by a fanati
chy, Heretics or Renegades, The per-
—of their Me

cal branch

This approach is one of the
one has to know anything

implest for new players; no

1ore about the game th
ion. If the che

be discove

sary for character acter

nnesiacs, everything edasthe game progresses,
d the players will learn things just as their characters do.
7

Not every character in Wraith died yesterday, of course
The Circle could well be composed of people from any time
and place, bound together through similar Passions and Fe
ters (freedom, justice, homelands).

Another option is moving the setting itself back in time,
In the French Revolution, for inst

1c, the spirits of guillo-

tined aristocrats might unite for vengeance or to make amends

for their families' corruption. Middle-class ghosts continuing
the fight would harass them, thei
about, and the peasantry would m

ncestors would order the

claims upon them for
protection of retribution. All this would add to the ordinary
hazards of the Underworld.

cath loves a shining mark, a signal blow
Edward Young, Night Thoughts
ach Wraith session isa separate story.
ss the Storyteller, must have a firm
about where and how each story b
cd wh

exture you want it to have.
Once the game hegins, you and your pla

cers will hopefully «

the idea and run with it from there,
Do not try to decide absolutes concerning what will or
will nor happen in your story. Few things are more irritating to

lpr fe slg

a player than a storyteller who pulls the game along a prede-
termined path regardless of whar the players want or do. Tey
not to force your players into any situation they try to avoid
unless you have some reason to frustrate them or some plan to
reward them. Stories ideally begin with an idea and grow out-
ward through the efforts of everyone concerned.

The story concepts below may give you a few ideas for
your game, but only you know which concepts work best for
you and your group. Feel free to experiment; storytelling, ut
like board gaming, is freeform, not rigid.

Story Concepts

Swift as light and as cheering was the idea that broke in upon
me, "have found it! What terified me will terify others; I need
any describe the spectre which had haunted my midnight pillow."
On the morrow, I announced that I had thought of a story

— Mary Shelley, Introduction to Frankenstein

Listed below are a number of concepts that you can use as
seeds to create your own stories. Read these concepts, pick out
the ideas you like the best, and weave a story from what you get.

* Getting across Town

For one purpose or another — the reason isn't necessarily
important — the Circle is in one place and their goal is some-
where else entirely. This is where the fun begins. As if the
Underworld is out to get them, one disaster after another crosses
their path, With a little luck, the characters can make it to
their goal...and hope that whatever they needed isstill around,

* On the Home Front

Sometimes the story comes home to the characters. Per-
haps their Haunt is in danger, or their loved ones are under
k. The Circle is forced on the defensive, trying to stay
cone step ahead of their enemies — and the enemies they see
‘may not be the real threat. While the characters are trying to
prevent the Hierarchy from taking over the neighborhood, the
Heretics may be convincing their allies that holy war is the
key co salvation. Meanwhile, crazed Spectres threaten to de-
stroy the lives of the living. Can the characters figure out who
is behind this madness? Only time will tell.

* The Maelstrom

In the midst of an ordinary evening, bells ring out from
the rowers of the Necropolis in which the characters live. The
alarm is a warning that comes perhaps once in a decade —
Maelstrom is coming. Old souls head for their Haunts imm
diately, knowing that the storm travels faster than a wraith
can run. The panic is incredible, and no one seems to know
when or where the thing will surface. If the characters have a
strong Haunt, will they reach it in time? If they have no
safehold, where will they go? And wherever they end up, will
their shelter last the night?

After the Maelstrom, assuming the characters survive intact,
how will the Shadowlands appear? The survivors may spenl many

‘months cleaning up the mess and searching for the lost. Besides
the changes in their own world, some horrible event was surely
the spark for the devastation — Maelstroms often begin with death,
in huge numbers — and Fetters can be completely destroyed in
riots fires, war or other disasters.

* The Harrowing

Try though the characters might to avoid it, eventually at
least one of their number will be taken by the Tempest. This
nightmare ride i fas, terrifying and confusing, and makes for
excellent story material.

Even if only one member of the Circle is being Harrowed,
the rest of the troupe doesn't have to sit on the sidelines. The
characters may play the Shadows of those affected, and the expe-
rience may provide countless extra characters for the others to

© Mystery

A mystery may start as something small, but quickly as-
sumesan importance and relevance to the Circle. Dark secrets
among the wraiths of the Circle or theie associates are excel-
lent ways to begin a mystery, but murder is the classic device.
Perhaps one of the living is found decapitated in the character's
Haunt. Will the police arrive at all? Has the spirit become a
wraith, and if so, how is he taking this? It's very easy to rope
the characters into the plot from here, particularly if theie liv.
ing Fetters are under pressure as witnesses or suspects,

* The Boo Job

Yuppies move into your Haunt. Sound familiar? Whether
the threat is from the upwardly mobile, from nice folks trying
to clean up the neighborhood, or from bulldozers clearing out
the local eyesore, there's something breathing down the char-
acters' necks. Now the characters have to get the living out of
there, by hook or by crook. Can they be scary enough to rid
themselves of these pests?

¢ Freelancing

The characters are approached by higher-ups willing to
pay well for services rendered. They might be asked to hunt
down a Spectre, track down a wraith's Fetters, or carry mes-
sages from Necropolis to Necropolis.

This could be as straightforward as it seems. If the Story-
teller wishes to make things tricky, however, the characters
could find themselves embroiled in local politics. Are they
being framed? For whom are they actually working? Was the
mission as simple as it seemed? Did the characters sign any-
thing to guarantee completion of the task?

* Raiders of the Lost Afterlife

There's an artifact our there — a famous, powerful one,
and the race ison to get to it before someone else does. In fact,
everybody wants it, and the characters have stumbled on an
important clue to its location. Now, not only must they rush
to find it, they must also dodge all the other competitors.

Even if the Circle gets this amazing thing, they still have
to figure out what to do with it. Escaping the other searchers


huge? What if it's fr
imprisoned long ago and transformed into a mere object.

Setting the Stage

% the stage allows
-al world into another one,
ind. This approach, also used
helps prepare both your players
ifferent, something "other." Chang:
ng your mindsets from "daily life" to "storytime" frees you to

ryday concerns bel
id religious ritua
ind yourself for somethin,

create together. Removing distractions, if only for a moment,

can make a world of differe

in your

Storytelling games are usually played indoors at a table in
the kitchen, den or living room. There should be chairs for all
the players, and refreshments if the
awhile. You should also conside!

ming session is to last
yy props you might need,
any modifications to the room to set the mood for th

sesion, and any special provisions necessary for

if your story will involve it

cd to get into a ghostly mindset in the afternoon.

nes should ideally take place at night, possibly

room lit by candles or dim light. Music can add a great de:
the atmosphere, as long as it is appropriate and not distract-

ing. A moment of silence, the lighting of a candle or e

concise phras and it can set the tone for the

sme. This kind of "once upon a time" introduction can go a
Tong way toward establishing the right mood.

Before you begin a new session, make sure that thei

no loose ends from the ich
ence or rule interpretations. Once you are r
might tell the players the title of the new story, if you'v
icone. Remember that the most important line
hook your players at the bey

draw the

the first lit
ning of each game session and

Dr. Kenneth

Western di
Conti

both internal
act

umpbell, from a lee

ture o tury

isdynamic; through struggles

nd external, your tales and
progress. By pro
acters with an obstacle to overcome, whether

g your

'sa chi


acter, a situation of an institution, you give them motivation

oe
The colossal bureaucracy of the Underworld is much like
| and external conflict are both important in certain unscrupulous governments in the Skinlands. Calling
Wraith; internal battles with the Shadow contrast with the the Hierarchy corrupt is nt, and
external threats from the Hierarchy, soul-slavers, Heretics, elves pitted against its min:

le vs. Hierarchy
and purpose.

Int

an exercise in understat

the characters will often find #

Renegades and other assorted factions. No matter which side

and even if they work for it. Existing within
of the fence your players choose, their characters will feel en- its labyrinthine internal politics is almost us dangerous as re-

nies breathing down their necks (so to speak). Whil
that move from one fight scene to the next quickly get bori
tales with no direction, ec
befor

ries sisting its enforcers. Though the Hierarchy does offer some

. small protection from the trib
listlessly power is often used for tyranny,

ing into a rut to avoid its direct attention,

ions of the Underworld, its

id the Circle would do well

Conflict provides energy and direction for a story — it * Circle vs. Her

sone to fight. The battles may The rel

of brutally physical, but conflict oppressive
of some kind of another is vi

provides the ¢
be

ius cults of the dead can be just asf
any followed by the living. Although many of
well-intentioned and basically benevolent,
we as dreaded as any goons of the Hierarchy. Rumors
inwashing, deportation and the outright severing of Fet:
arked as valuable potential
{5 might even

atical and

notional, philosophi

‘ontinuing chronicle. these group:
and motivating the

Conflict propels the story by involvis

al furor over their
become violent. If more than one sect is after the wraiths, a

veloped in the stru minor holy war could spring up on the spot.

remain neutral


ircle vs. Renegades
You can't make an omelet without breakin

neutral characters can still come under fie if they x
tation (deserved or not) for assisting other factions. Pla
| character Renegades may find i difficult ro obey orders given
| them if their personal goals fail to conform to those of their
| allies. In any case, care should be taken when dealing with
these unpredictable gue
* Circle vs. Circle
Conflict between groups may take place on a much smaller,
| more personal level, of course. Circle vs. Cirele conflict is all
too common in the fight for the Shadowlands' searce resoure
The issue could be as simple as right-of-way through a gang's
territory, or as comple: bers of opposing groups sharing
the same Fetter. Ifthe other Circle has friends in high places,
ic may rapidly become difficult to resolve the differences
tween them, Both sides could seek impartial arbitration (ifsuch,
authing exists), but there's no guarantee that either will abide
by the decision.
© Wraith vs. Weaith
Imagine being murdered and discovering that your
has finally been executed and revenge is yours — if you cz
find her. The reasons why one wraith might trouble another
i numerous and complex as in real
ments of death and eternity thrown in, even minor slights can
take on obscene import:
Ofcourse, wraith vs. wraith might bea positive challenge:
two rival Sandmen could strive to put on the best dream
for the Living, or famous historical swordsmen might duel in
the Necropolis streets, or adolescent wraiths could vie for the
best trick on Halloween. It all depends on the intent of the

ler

ith vs. Vampire

As the movers and shakers be ich that is wrong
with the World of Darkness, vampires may be the indirect cause
of many wraiths' deaths, particularly those who dwelled in cit-
ies while living, Any wraith out for justice or reform will have

to bypass the Leeches one way or another.
Or the vampires may come to them first. The Tremere
(sorcerer vampires), the Samedi (hideous zombi

Pires), and especially the Giovanni (necromancers) all have
interest in information from the Underworld, and most would
have no qualms about binding w
tude,

\ into positions of servi-

© Wraith vs. Werewolf

Although the Garou are aware
Wraiths

ghosts exist, they tend
unlikely ro me

toavoid contact with th

most

tribes of werewolves unless they make a special effort to do so.
Unfortunately, such an effort is nly unwelcome,
ce that Spectres attack werewolves when-
inknown plot of Oblivion. Be
can't tell wraiths apart from Spectres,
lable.

most cert

werewoh
ow

antagonism is underst
h vs. Mage

These magickal, reality shifting idealists work with wraiths
more closely and more often than any other Awakened ¢
tures in the Umbral Realms. Many of them can see and heat
the Restless if they make the effort. Quite a few of the
aware of the situation in the Shadowlands and will trade fa-
sist the wraiths in their goals, However, les scrupu-
lous mages are not above enslaving wraiths, binding th
dlistlling them for their Pathos. The
wed by the first group often falls into the hands
ofthe second, forcing entire Necropoli to submit to the w

vors and

magickal objects or

‘© Wraith vs. Supernatural

Depending on what other supernatural clen
choose to include in your chronicle, other forces m:

ents you
also op:

pose the characters. Besides regular vampires, werewolve
mages, there are mummies, changelings,
shapeshifters and gargoyles, just to n
* Wraith vs. the Quick
Most of the wraiths who inhabit the Shadowlands
concerned with getting into contact with the li n wor
ried about what might happen when they do. The Quick don't
tend to notice them, and unless the wraith needs to talk to

someone, this is pretty com
Despite this, th
pose is to gain knowledge about the afterlife

nient.
y organizations whose sole pur-
and the Restless,
and their reasons are not usually good. The best of these groups
wish only to prove the existence of wraiths; the worst are out
for the power they represent or the opportunity to destroy the:
"ereatutes of evil."

* Wraith vs. Shadow

The most important confli at betw
the Shadow and the Psyche. The darker side of the self is in
constant battle for dominance, and this strug
‘of much of the drama inherent to the

is the source

‘ame. This is a more
intense, more frightening area ofthe chronicle, Be careful when
you explore it, particularly if the player is at all like his charac
ter

© Wraith vs. Self

Not every int
Psyche, of cours

I ser

need be between Shadow and
IL-balanced person can have doubts
and crises. The "better" half of the personality, because itis
ly the more self-critical, is quite prone to this. Naturally,
noment of indecision oF worry could leave the Psyche


* Wraith vs. the Unknown
‘The characters do not realize who their enemy is, or who
seeks their destruction. This makes ie all the more terrifying.
* Wraith vs. Spectre
Oblivion is a powerful enemy, and many are not strong
enough to withstand it. These lost souls, called Spectres, wan-
der the Shadowlands, leaving destruction in their wake; they
fill the Tempest to bursting with heir grotesque selves and
their nightmarish collection of dead memories. Wraiths fear
Spectres both for their actual, horrifying cts and abilities and
the final horror they represent: the negation of the Psyche.
They have completely lost the battle with Oblivion, but are
{oo strong or useful to be completely consumed, and this isthe
worst fate most Restless can imagine. Nothing can be more
frightening than recognising an old friend's face with a Spectre's
ey

* Sanity vs. Madness

Wraith lends itself easily to this kind of conflict. The
Underworld is not kind to the weak-minded or the deranged,
although it is possible that this kind of person may Transcend
very easily. Those who arrive slightly cracked had better mend
quickly or move on...the Shadow can subvert most kinds of
madness.

Advanced Techriques

] 0 what are we going todo for the rest of our
NWO vcs? Stay home and watch the parades go
by? Amuse ourselves with the glass menag-

erie, dating? Eternally play thse worn-out
phonograph records your father lftas a pain-
ful reminder of him? ...1 swear it's the only
altemative I can think of.

—Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie

The following techniques are extremely difficult to u
properly, but can be very rewarding if done well. These al-
vanced concepts must be carefully planned and executed with
f grace and finesse to work effectively. If you employ them cor-
X rectly, however, you will ereate a story your players will never
forget.

Dream Sequence

Used properly in a storytelling game, the clichéd dream
sequence can become a powerful device. The dead do indeed
dream, and their visions are rarely pleasant. Weaiths with the
Phantasm Arcanos may even enter and alter the dreams of
mortals.

The technique, as its name implies, is simply a dream that
is either shared by all the characters or is specific to one of
them. In the dream, the characters are either themselves or

caricatures of themselves. Even if the dream is that of only
one character, the other players may still participate in the
dream by assuming the roles of the other people, creatures or
even sertings in the dream. The player or players need never
know whose dream they have entered, bur the story of the
dream should always be important to the overall theme of the
tale.

While playing out the dream sequence, you must deter
mine how much latitude the characters have within the dream.
This spectrum of Storyteller control over the dream sequence
ranges froma minute description of the dream to simply throw.
ing the characters into a dream and describing what appears
while giving players control to do as they will,

Storyteller-controlled dreams are good for foreshadowing
upcoming events or for establishing symbolism within the story.
The character's Shadow may begin to gnaw at the Psyche by
appearing in dreams and driving sleep away. Such an invasion
may precede an all-out assault or may come to nothing. Keep
your players wondering.

Remember that when storytelling a dream sequence, the
action and settings should be dreamlike, Characters disappear
and reappear from the dream, events happen with no logical
order or flow, settings change instantly, and the dreamer feels
extreme emotions thar do not necessarily correspond to what
is happening in the dream.

Flashback

While a dream is concerned wi
present relates to the current stor
with how an aspect of the past relates to the present. Flash-
backs are common around Fetters, and vivid memories of the
moment of death Haunt many of the Restless.

The events of the flashback, or at least its ourcome, should
be pretty well dictated by the Storyteller, even if the flashback
does involve the players' characters. Even though they are not
in control, players will often enjoy flashbacks that give them a
slimpse of the behind-the-scenes incidents that spawned the
events they are currently tackling

There are other, more dramatic uses of flashbacks, but these
should be used less often. For example, a flashback toa certain.
player character's past can be used to introduce a Storyteller
character from the player character's childhood, ora loved one,
‘ora killer whose face the ghost still cannot see.

Symbolism, Motifs and icons

‘One of the tricks you can steal from moviemakers is the
use of symbolism, motifs and icons. This must be done subtly;
if you put heavy-handed symbolism into stories, it will feel
heavy-handed and ruin the effect.

‘You must introduce a symbol by dropping it into the back-
ground of your setting: street names, places, people, the names


in hall. Once you introduce the symbol, keep ic in
mind and mention it once in a while when the thing repre-
sented by that symbol appears in the story.

For example, let's say you decide that fire is a major sym-
bol for the rebellion against authority in your setting. Let's say
your charact inst the Hierarchy by seeking the
Heretics in their area. When they return from their fateful
vith the Heretics, they may pass by a burning build-

A motifis
and its meaniny

nbol thar recurs throughout the chronicle,
mnges as the chronicle continues. fit rains
in the same "fire" chronicle, it could mean that the Hierarchy
| has taken power one end of the chronicle, how
ever, perhaps the Renegades take control after a particularly
destructive coup. The ra
___ symbolize a purge of the city asa whole,
Below are some sample symbols to start you thinking; you

will think of many others as well:

Fire: Wildfire destroys; the heat of a forge can temper
serength; the fl editative; the warmth of a
hearth can convey safety.

Rain: This can be dreary and depressing, or cleansing
and nourishing.

ne of a candle

ots show remem-
tify death.
Chains: A visible representation of loyalties and alliances.

Flowers: Rosemary and forget-me
trance, roses speak of love, and lilies

Masks: This can be an outward sign of duplicity and de-

ception,
Mirrors: They may reflect the truth, ora twisted version
of it
Mazes: These embody confusion, as well asa challenge to

the mastered and ove
Birdst Canaries, crows, eagles and robins are all used as
indary carriers of the soul, and also serve as

me.

Crossroads: Often haunted, crossroads can represent a
decision ofa turning poine in life
Colors: Each color has countless meanings for example,
is sometimes represented as the color of death, some-
times as the sign for life and growth.

Mter a Story

Say good-bye to all this... and hello to oblivion,
Riff Raff, The Rocky Horror Picture Show

tory's conclusion, you should consider the impact

ts upon the larger chronicle. Because stories

often end in an unexpected manner, itis important for you to

determine how to reroute the chronicle into the plotline you

desire or replot the chronicle based upon the new develop-

After
of the story's

ments. Remember that you are weaving a great novel, and no
author knows for certain what every detail of his finished novel
will be before he begins writing it. Also, writers don't have to
compensate for player decisions.

The other important thing to do before you b
ing the next story in the chronicle is mal
settings or characters that were introduced into the chronicle.
Large chronicles can spawn casts of hundreds of 1
or Storyteller characters and scores of import

notes of

it settings.
fo keep your sanity, it's best to find a way to keep track of
everything as it develops in the chronicle. Notecards (one 3°

x 5° for each setting or character) work well because mote
information can be added to them later and they're easy t0
file, but most of us can only aspire to be so organized.

Ending a Chronicle

Ending with a strong conclusion i
other part of a chronicle. Even if

portant 2

chroniel

e continues for
several years, there is something magical about the moment
that all (or most) of the v
pose ina great climax. The final session of any chronicle should
be an event ro remember, so make the extra effort to make the

ious interconnected stories ju

climactic event something special.

Afr the climax, it often helps to wind down the action
with a bit more storytelling in the same setting. Characters
can say any necessary good-byes or return things to
‘state after vanquishing a villain. Once that's finished, it's time
to begin planning the next chronicle.

Ofcourse, there is nothing that says you have to start fro
scratch each ti If you want to continue on with the same
characters and setting, you can take these elements in new
directions. Players can become attached and
their characters, and it's satisfying to experience the growth
and development of a single character through several
chronicles.

ccustomed to

However, don't limit yourself to continuing what has come
before. Some players may want to try afresh perspective and
create new characters, while others in the group keep their
established characters. Also, perhaps one of the players would
like to switch roles with the Storyteller so that she may design
and run the next chronicle. The storytelling troupe may
wish to consider integrating the new Wraith chron
elements from one of White Wolf's other storytelling games
such as Vampire: The Masquerade, Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse or Mage: the Ascension.

Iso
with





ies have rules, Some have only a few and
axe faitly simple, such as Chutes and Ladders.
Others have many and are extremely compli
cated, like bridge. Wath has something in
common with both types — it has only a few
simple rules, but these few rules have a large
number of permutations. You need only learn
the basic rules, but their permutations evoke the flavor ofthe game,
allowing i to simulate the complexity of real life. This chapeer pro-
vides the basic ules of Wraith; you decide which permutation to use

Rules are like the myths that shape and describe a culture.
They define what is important and delineate the possibilities of
existence, Though these rules may seem somewhat strange and
exotic, they really aren't all that complicated. Once you under-
stand them, you'll understand how to play this game. Just concen-
trate on learning these basics; everything else will come naturally.

Time
Devouring time, blunt thou the lion's paws,
And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;
Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger's jaws,
And burn the long-lived phoenix in her blood.
— Shakespeare, "Sonnet 19"
The first thing you need to learn is how time passes in

Wraith. There are five different ways to describe-time, pro-
sressing from the smallest unie to the all-encompassing one.

Chapter Four:
ules

Rule number six: there is no nule number six.
— Monty Python's Flying

© Tum — One unit of time within a scene, anywhere from,
three seconds to three minutes in length. A turn is enough
time to take one action (discussed below).

* Scene — One compact period of uctior
that takes place in a single location. A se
variable number of turns (as many as it takes to complete it);
it can also be completed strictly through roleplaying, which 9
requires no use of turns.

© Chapter — One independent part of a story, almost al-
ways played in one game session. It is made up of a number of
scenes connected by periods of downtime

* Story — A complete tale, with an introduction, buildup
and climax, thar often takes several chapters to complete

* Chronicle — A whole series of stories connected by the
lives of the characters and perhaps a broadly conceived theme
and plot. It is simply the ongoing story told by you and the 9
players

Actions

Besides acting out their characters' speeches and conver-
sations, players will want their characters to perform (or at
least attempt to perform) actions they describe to the Story-
teller. An action can be anything from jumping over a gorge
toglancing over one's shoulder to check for pursuers. The player
tells the Storyteller what her characteris doing and details the
procedure she uses.


Many actions are automatic — for instance, when a player
tells the Storyteller that her character wa
toward a

cross the street

Storyteller needs to do is keep
track of where the character is and whar she is doing. How-
ever, certain actions require a dice roll to determine success or
failure.

Rolling Dice

There is always chance in life. Thet
the lottery, a chance you'll be and a chance you'll die
in a plane crash. Chance plays a role in Wraith as well. How-
ever, Wraith players use dice to simulate the duplicity of Lady
Luck.

Wraith requires the use of 10-sided dice, which you can
buy in any game store. If you are the
a lot of dics
want dice,

chance you'll win

oryteller, you will want
Asa player, you'

ut you may share dice with other players

Whenever the success of an action is

doubt, or the Sto:
ryteller thinks there isa chance your character might fail, you
will have to roll

acter an opportu
ygths exhibit themselves, thereby
ling something of the char
and the other players

Ratings

A character is described by her Traits — the innate and

to let weaknesses

+s true nature to both you

learned abilities and aptitudes she possesses. Traits are defined
by numbers;
scribes the ch

h Trait has a

ing from 1 to 5, which di

ter's ability in that particular Trait. A 1
lousy, while a 5 is superb. This scale of 1 to 5 is th
rating system made fa

10us by movie and restaurant critics.

The normal human Trait range is from 1 to 3, with 2 be-
However, exceptional people ce Traits of 4
(exceptional) or 5 (superb), o ¢ 0 in a Trait

(which is extremely rare, but not

ing aver

x Abysmal
. Poor
22 Average

Good
Exceptional

* Superb
For each dot your character has in a particular Tr
to roll one die. Thus, if you had four dots in

you

e you
would get to roll four dice. If you had one dot in Perception,
you would only get to roll one die. Howev

you almost never
Attribute, which
et to add the
umber of dice

simply roll the number of dice you have in.

defines your intrinsic capabilities. Usually you
number of dice you have in an Attribute to the
you have in an Ability things that you know and have

RR
Lo;

So if the Storyteller wants the players to roll to see Yiehey
notice the patrol car creeping up behind them, he would have
them roll Perception + Alertness — an Attribute + an Abil-
ity. Each player would rake as many dice as she had dots in
Perception and put them in her hands. Then each player would
add one die for each dot in Alertness.

These dice are collectively called the Dice Pool. A
tes the total number of dice a
player may roll in ally for a single action,
although a player ean divide a Dice Pool in order to allow her
ter to perform more than one action. When rolling for
1s Willpower, which has both a permanent and a
temporary score, a player almost always rolls a number of dice
equal to the Trait's permanent rating (the circles), not its eur-
rent score (the squares.
Certain actions don't require or even have an appropriate
a player soaks damage
-k. In such cases, the player only usesan Attribute,
rolling the number of dice listed for that Attribute — in this

ly no situation where more than two
Traits can combine to form a Dice Pool. Only one Trait can be
used if it has a potential value of 10 (such as Willpower or
Angst). This means that a Trait like Willpower ean never be
combined with another Trait. It is generally impossible for a
normal human being to have more than 10 dice in a Dice Pool.

Difficulties

| always try co do six impossible things before breakfast.
—The Red Queen, Alice in Wonderland

Now you've got to figure out what you need to look for
when you roll the dice. The Storyteller assigns each task adif-
ficulty rating, a number that quantifies the challenge posed by
the task. A difficulty is always a number between 2 and 10.
You need to roll that number or higher on at least one of the
dice in your Pool in order to succeed. Each time you do so, it's
called a success. If the difficulty is a 6, and you roll 2, 3, 5, 6
and 9, you have scored two successes. Though you usually need
only one success to succeed, the more s

s9es you score, the
orm. Scoring only one success is considered a

better you per

success, while scoring thr
3s, and scoring five
Difficulties

is considered a complete

nomentous event.

wy
4 Routine
5 Straightforward

8 Difficule
9 Extremely Difficult

Degrees of ——

One Success Marginal
Two Successes Moderate
Three Successes Complete
Four Successes Exceptional

Five Successes Phenomenal
You can see that if the difficulty
to score a success, while if

lower, it becomes ez
is higher, it becomes more cif
cult. The Storyteller will assign high dificulties whenever the
action you have decided to is difficult, and will either let
your character do something automatically (hecause her At-
tributes and Abilities are so high) or ty if
the desired action is particularly casy.
Though they are not on the list above,
-an also assign di
should almost never be w

ign a low diffic

you, as the Story:
of 2 oF 10. However, these
Difficulty 2 isso pathetically.
that you might as well let the player succeed without wasting
time on a roll. Difficulty 10 is so difficult that there isan equ:

chance to borch (described below) as there is to succeed, no
matter how many dice the player rolls. A 10 is pretty ne

impossible. On the
difficulty of 10, be su ¢ how impossible you
making the chance of success. Ifa player ever rolls a 10, the

ally a success, no matter what.

¢ occasions when you do announce a

oryteller says otherwise, the difficulty for a
particular task is always 6. This is the standard difficul
assumed if a difficulty number is otherwise unstated.

qhe Rule of One

The last thing you need to know about rolling dice is the
"rule of one." Whenever you roll a"I," it cancels out a success.
Itcompletely takes it away. You remove both the "success" di
and the "I die and ignore them. If you roll more "1's" than
you do successes, a disaster occurs; something called a "botch
takes place. Don't count the "I's" that canceled out successes,
but if even a single "1" is left after all the successes have been
canceled, a borch occurs. Getting a single "1" or five "I's" h
about the same result in most cases; the circumstances sut-
rounding the botch det
mishap. If there aren't any
failed.

Automatic Successes

You don't want to be rolling dice
the way of the rolep
tem for autor
rolls for actions their characters could perform in theie sleep.
It works like this: if the number of dice in your Dice Pool
Is or exceeds the assigned difficulty, your character sue-
ceeds automatically. Such a success is considered marginal (the

mine if it is catastrophic of a minor

's" or successes left, you've simply

all the time; itcan get


D equivalent of scoring only one success), 60a player will some-
times want to roll anyway in an attempt to gain even more
successes. For very simple and often-repeated actions, how-
fever, automatic successes can eliminate a lot of wasted ti
(Note that certain actions, such as combat, are always pr
lematie and should not be handled with this system.)

The automatic success rules can be used to eliminate dice
‘completely. In such situations, automatic successes aren't a mat-
ter of choice. Either you are good enough to succeed or you are
not. [tis simple, but so was Cops'n' Robbers, and we liked it ust
fine. The story was what was important; the rules didn't matter.

This simple system even has a twist, making it not quite
so black-and-white. A Willpower point (see pg. 99) can be
spent to earn an automatic success. You won't want to do this
‘often, but for certain actions, it can be very advantageous to
do 50. Of course, the Willpower expenditure only counts for
one success if multiple successes are requited.

‘When we play, we usually combine dice rolling and auto-
matic successes. During most scenes — especially when we're
deeply involved in the story — we don't even roll dice, pref
ring to roleplay through scenes without interruptions. How-
ever, when we get in the mood for playing-a-game rather than
tellng-a-stry, we make lots of dice rolls and add many compli-
cations to the rules.

Complications

You may have already realized that itis quite easy to score
a single success, even when you roll only one or owo dice. You
have a 75% chance for a marginal success when you roll only
wo dice and the difficulty is 6. While that may sound too
easy, there are various ways to complicate matters, some of
which are discussed below. For troupes heavily into roleplay-
ing, simple rolls and automatic successes are enough. Gener-
p ally, complications are needed only ifthe players or you want a
break from the roleplaying, if you want a realistic result, or if
you want ro make a game out ofthe scene. Complications add
drama to the story, evoking passion and focusing events,

Extended Actions

In order to succeed fully, you will sometimes need more
than one success — you will need to accumulate three, or seven
‘or even (rarely) 20 successes. An action that requires only one
success is called a simple action. An action that requires more
than one success is called an extended action.

An extended action allows you to roll over and over on
subsequent turns in an attempt to collect enough successes to
succeed. For instance, suppose your characteris climbing tree.
The Storyteller announces that when you rol a total of seven
successes, your character has climbed to the top. She'll get there
eventually, but the more times you roll, the more chances your
character has to botch and injure herself. If she is attempting

to climb down the tree because it is on fire, the amount of
time it takes becomes exceedingly important.

During an extended action, you can keep trying to obtain
successes for as long as you want, or at least until you fail to
score even one success. If you borch, your character may have
tostart over from scratch, with no accumulated successes. The
Storyteller may decide not to let the character try again at al.

This type of action is more complicated than a simple ac-
tion and should not often be employed in the middle of in-
tense roleplaying. As the Storyteller, you decide what type of
action is appropriate. A little bit of experience will serve you
well when employing these rules.

Resisted Actions

Sometimes you will act in opposition to another charac-
ter. Both of you make rolls, with a difficulty often indicated by
a Trait of the other character, and the person who scores the
most successes succeeds. However, you are considered to score
only as many successes as the amount by which you exceed
Your opponent's successes. The opponent's successes eliminate
your own, just as "I's" do. Therefore, itis very dificult, and
rare, t0 achieve an outstanding success on a resisted action.
Even if your opponent cannot beat you, she can diminish the
effect of your efforts. During actions that are both extended
and resisted, one of the opponents must collect a certain
ber of successes in order to succeed completely. Each success
above the opponent's total number of successes in a single turn
is added to a success rotal. The first opponent to collect the
designated number of successes wins the contest.

Teamwork

Sometimes characters can work together to collect suc-
cesses, most often during an extended action. At the
Storyteller' discretion, two or more characters can make rolls
separately and combine their successes. They may never com
bine their separate Traits for one roll. Teamwork is effective in
some circumstances, such as when engaging in combat, shad.
‘owing prey, collecting information and repairing devices. Dur-
ing others, it can actually be a hindrance, such as in many
social actions (where it can confuse the subject),

The chart below may serve to dispel your confusion re-
garding some of the different types of rolls that can be made.

Trying It Again

Tecan often be frustrating to fail. you are having trouble
with your computer and can't figure out the source of a system.
error, then you're in for a frustrating time. This annoyance is
reflected in Wraith by increasing the difficulty of any action if
itis tried again after it's already been failed.

Whenever a character attempts an action she has previ-
‘ously failed, che Storyteller has the option of increasing the


difficulty of the action by one. Consider a character who tries

to intimidate son he first attempt faile
und, so the difficuly
\e difficulty is two g
like this, though, the Storyteller might simply rule thar the
character cannot even make another try — how do you in
yeone who has already called y ff

les of when to use the rul king a lock
ring a word

shouldn't invoke this rule. A
with a
nis frus

Well, that's it. These are the rules. Thi

Other examples of when not to use the rule are seeing
something out of the corner of the eye (Alertness) and dodg:

ing an attack (Dodge). you understand
any difficulty understandin, ‘ethink

you've caught everything, just ; you'll find

cape a group of Hierarchy Legionnaires. She crouches down
behind a low wall, hoping that they will run past without see-
ing her. The Storyteller assigns a difficulty of 7 to this feat,
and decides that the appropriate roll is Dexterity + Stealth.
Take two dice because of Cassandra's Dexterity Attribute of 2
and one extra die because of Cassandra's Stealth Ability of I
You should now have three dice in your hand — nor a lor, but
at least you have a chance. Go ahead and roll the dice. Look
to see how many successes you have, making sure to take away
a success for every "I" you roll. Did you make it, did you fil, o
did you botch? The more successes you get, the better you hide.
Only one success might mean that you barely made it under
cover in time. Two might mean that you manage to crouch
under a little overhang. Three might mean that you're totally
silent and quiet, in which case you've fooled the Legionnaires.

Next, try outan extended and resisted action. An example
of this isan arm wrestling match. It requires an indefinite se-
ries of rolls, each with a different difficulty. You need to acc

ce five successes more than your opponent in onder to win.
A botch eliminates all of your accumulated successes

« First roll: Each player rolls Strength; the difficulty isthe
opponent's Dexterity + 3 (speed is important at first)

Second and third rolls: Each player rolls Strength; the

ulty is the opponent's Strength + 3

‘Fourth roll (and all subsequent ones): Each player rolls
Strength, the difficulty is the opponent's Willpower.

Examples of Rolls

Following are some examples of rolls, to provide you with

some ideas about how to incorporate these rules into your role-
playing. Please note that each Attribute can work with each
Ability, so there are 270 potential types of simple rolls that
can be made. Admittedly, you will not often roll Stamis
‘Computer, but it might come up.

* You are protecting your Fetter late at night. Roll Stamina
+ Alertness (difficulty 7) to stay awake and alert.

* A Spectre rises out of the gloom and floats quietly be
hind you; roll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 9) to notice
its approach.

* A tough Renegade refuses to take your commands. Roll
Strength + Leadership (difficulty 7) in an attempt to domi

te him physically and get him to do what you say

* Can you convince the gathering crowd of Restless to
follow you? Roll Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 7) as you
attempt t0 give an off-the-cuff speech. You'll need four suc-
cesses to convince them completely

*A Hierarchy Centurion is attempting to command

oup of wraiths to come with him. Roll Perception + Le
ship (difficulty 6) to see how good a leader he is. If you
five successes, you'll know his exact rating.

The charac

uunple of a complete Weaith character sheet. The charae-
ter is a recently deceased weaith, or Lemure, named
Cassandra, and the examples thir 1 the book will
use her as their subject. The following is a quick look at
* Nature and Deme A description of the per
le the Demeanor is the facade she presents to the world.
© Chronicle: The title of the series of stories and the
Hy the character exists
*: Thiscategoryisdivided into three sub-
are the mystical Traits that define th
powers of a wraith, Backgrounds detail the chara
hat bind her to the workd of the livin,
* Combat: This isa place to list combat statisties for
# Pathos: The amount of mystical power at the dis
Corpus: The essence that forms a wraith's "physi
by the Storyteller, whieh you ean later spend t
fidence and det

innate aptitudes and porentials of a

IL image of the character: who
in mortal existence

*¢ Haunt: The residence of the character, where it is
her to perform her Arcanes

© After being questioned for hours by Hierarchy Inquisi-
tors, roll Stamina + Subterfuge (difficulty 8) to see if you can
maintain your story successfully. Obtaining five successes al-
lows you to convince them fully.

* You threaten the young wraith by trying to lift him up
by his collar; roll Strength + Intimidation (cificulty 8).

* Yelling and screaming at the Harbinger, you try to get
him to go faster. Roll Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty 6).

* You ask a series of rapid-fire questions in order to dis-
cover what threats will intimidate the subject. Roll Wits +
Intimidation (difficulty 6).

* You're trying to calm down someone you're Skinriding:
roll Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty 6).


Z

The Oblivion"
Name: Cassandra Natu: Visionary life: Artist
Player: Meg Deneanor: Rebel Death: Random Violence
Choice: Atlanta Shadow: Leech Reget: True Love

Atribules >poccccccccescccocen

Physical Sacal ental
Strength, OO Charisma__Guts OPerception,
Dexterity }@OOO  Manipulatio Intelligence
Stamina OO Appearance.

| pccoocccccecoeceecces Miiltes

ents
Alermess Crafts, Bureaucracy. 00000
Athletics Drive__ alaewdil cI @0000
Awareness____ c 00000
Beawl Firearms. Investigation. ___00000
Dodge, Leadership. Law
Empathy__ Meditation. Linguistics,
Expression Street Poetry Melee, Medicine___

B Intimidation. Performance. Occult,
Repair__ Z Politics,
Stealth__ Science,

Protect Cynthia (Love) __ @@@OO _Araos
Get back at. gang (Revenge) @@OOO _Embody

Ruin publisher (Hate) @0000 Lifeweb @0000
Get back pen (Env) @0000 _fhantasm @0000

00000 Fuppetry 0000
00000 00000

00000 00000

reccece lips sceccs eee luhl cocoon f

g000000000

Weapon [Difficulty] Damage | Pathos

Macintosh™ Computer.
Piedmont: Park


* You're trying to stop a car that's ca
trol. Which engine part should you destroy with Outra
Intelligence + Repair (difficulty 6).

© You try to ¢

jing out of con-

Roll

her what's wrong with the car er

i Roll Perception + Rep

from the strange sounds it's mal

difficulty 6).
* You're trying to make a mask out of acollection of trivial
Relics. Roll Intelligence + Crafts (difficulty 6).
* You're want to impress the Heretic priest with your
-aponmaking skill. Roll Manipulation + Crafts (difficulty 7).

* How long can you remain motionless in the bushes as
the two guards chat for hours on end? Roll Stamina + Stealth
(difficulty 7). Each success indicates the passing of 10 min
utes.

* You attempt to follow the paper tail to the person who
ave the order to destroy your Fetter. Roll Intelligence + Bu.
reaucracy (difficulty 7).

** Wouldn't you love to have that "Condemn" order lost
in the paper glut? Possess a clerk and roll Manipulation + Bu-
reaucracy (difficulty 6) to do so.

‘an you find the clues the police missed at the scene of
your death? Roll Perception + Investigation (difficulty 8)

‘* Where should you search for your killer? Roll Intelli-
ence + Investigation (difficulty 6).

* While riding the electron highway, you get lost in the
Internet. Roll Perception + Computer (difficulty 6) to figure
‘out where you

* You're trying to tell another wraith how to get what she
wants from a computer. Roll Manipulation + Computer (cifli-
culty 7),

* Breaking into the computer system takes a long time,
and you're fighting off fatigue as you do it. Roll Stamina +
Computer (difficulty 6).

© While adrift in the Tempest, you discover a realm that
you've never before sc

Roll Intelligence + Enigmas (diffi-
culty 9). If you score three successes, you might be able to tell
whether it's dangerous to remain.

*A Heretic comes to you and offers aid — if you care to
listen to his sermon. Roll Stamina + Enigmas (difficulty 7) to
stay awake.

‘¢ Where's a good place to find a consort? Roll Intelli
gence + Streetwise (difficulty 6).

‘+ What language is he speaking? Roll Intelligence + Lin-
guistics (difficulty 7).


(ame Terms

bility: A Trait that describes what a char-
acter knows and has learned rather than
what she is. Examples are Intimidation,
Firearms and Occult

‘Action: An action is the performance
of a consciously willed physical, social or
mental activity. When a player announces
that his character is doing something, he is ta ction,

Advantages: This is a catch-all category that describes
the Arcanos, Backgrounds, Passions and Fetters of a character.

Arcanos: The mystical abilities of wraiths.

iat describes a character's inherent

aptitudes. Attributes are such things as Strength, Charisma

disastrous failure, indicated by rolling more "I's"
than successes on the 10-sided dice rolled for an action.

Character: Each player creates a character, an individual
she roleplays over the course of the chronicle. Though "char-
acter" could imply any individual, in Weaith, i is always used
to describe the players'

Corpu:
acter is wounded o injured.

Dice Pool: This describes the dice you have in your hand
after combining your different Traits. It is the maximum num-
ber of dice you ean roll in one turn, although you can divide
these dice between (or even among) different actions.

Difficulty: This is a number from 2 to 10 measuring the
difficulty of an action a character takes. The player needs to
roll that number or higher on at least one of the dice rolled.

Downtime: spent between scenes when no role-
and turnsare not used. Actions might be taken,

¢ to which a char-

he

playing is don

and the Storyteller might give some descriptions, but gener-
ally time passes quickly.

Extended Action: An action that requires a certain num-
ber of successes for the character to succeed.
he raw power of emotion used by wraiths to per-

The temporary scores of Traits, such as Willpower,
Pathos and Corpus— the squares, not the circles.

Rating number describing the permanent value of a
Trait; usually a number from I to 5, though sometimes a num-
ber from 1 to 10.

Refresh: When points are regained in a Dice Pool, it is
said that they are being "refreshed." The number of points re-
gained is the "refresh rate."

Resisted Action: An action that two different characters
rake against each other. Both compare their number of suc-
cesses; the character with the most wins

Scene: A single episode of the story; 1 time when and
place where actions and events take place moment by mo-
ment. A scene is often a dramatic high point of the story

Shroud: The difficulty to perform some Arcanos in a g
area of the Shadowlands; chis begins at a base of 10 during the
day and 9 at night. Various factors (Fetters, Wardin
modify a Shroud score.

c.) can,

‘Simple Action: An action that requires the player to score
only one success to succeed, though more successes indic
better job or result

Storyteller: The person who creates and guides a Wraith
story. The Storyteller assumes the roles of all the characters
not run by the players and determines all the events beyond
the control of the players.

System: A specific set of complications used in
situation; rules to help guide the rolling of dice to
matic action.

Trait: A Trait isany Attribute, Abili
character index that can be described as

certain
dr

Advantage orother §
number (in terms of
dots)

Troupe: The group of players, including 1

who play Wra

Storytel
usually on a regular basis.

power: One of the most important Traits is Willpower,
Ir measures the self-confidence and internal control of a cha
acter. Willpower works differently from most Traits — it is of-

ten spent rather than rolled.



This chapter describes how to creat

ing with a general concept and trans

However, the Storyteller should har

Chapter five:
Character

Teddy was sniffing glue — he was 12 years old
Fell from the roof on East Two
Kathy was 11 when she pulled the plug
‘On 26 reds and a bottle of wine
Bobby got leukemia — 14 years old
He looked like 65 when he died — he was a friend of mine
Those were people who died — died.
They were all my friends — and they died.

Jim Carroll Band, "People Who Died"

is not like make-believe; you don't just to the character's Traits. A strong wr

make up ac
(though the Storyteller is re
with that challenge). A cert

of your Traits — how effective a

jing thisconcept "best" possible character; that def

ers can easily fi

4 good grasp of the pro- mythical character Hall of Fame.

cess in order to answer the players' questions accurately and aracter jon is a lot like cookin

novelist desei

fore you can begin to play Wraith, you nesses of a character. More importantly, these
‘must create a character. Wraith, however, the random factor created by dice to be employed in 1

aracter as you go along to snap her manacles than a weak wraith does.
larly faced Character creation usually follows a pa
mount of eral to the specific. First, you develop a
work is involved — characters are built, who and what your character is — is she more socially or m
not born. Building a compelling yet honest character isa cre- tally developed? Then, you get specific by ele
unique character, tion and Appearance? Do not use this process t0 1

€ purpose of making
bers that can be used in the game. This process is up a genuinely interesting individual. These 1
out for themselves. tended to enhance roleplaying, not to open an avenue to some

cdients, stir them together, and then let the
et may not seem par- mixture bake for a few hours. You start by deciding wh:
of character you want. Are you going to pla
‘She has a Charisma of 4." However, punk of a rich and somewhat spoiled debutante? Are you a
nple todescribe the strengths and weak- precocious ; or did the secrets of life rev


ir

P sclves somewhere in the Appalachian Mountains? The back-
ground and personality of your character are the essential in-
gredients of his persona. From your basic concepts, you can
then start to work out the details, such as Attributes and Ad-
vantages.

Getting Started

‘ou need to be aware of five concepts be-
fore you begin to create your character:

* You can create a character of neatly
any age from any culture or nation; how-
ever, you begin the game asa relatively in-
experienced and unsophisticated wraith
who has only recently died. Your charac-

ter probably knows relatively little about wraith society unless
she was instructed by a Mentor or a Reaper, the wraith who.
discovered and initiated her.

* This charucter creation process was designed as much
tohelp you define your character as it was to provide you with
‘a means of interacting with the rules. The process of creating

tharacter is meant to help you more accurately focus the
concept of your character. Remember that a character cannot
exist only as numbers; your roleplaying must shape and de
alter ego.

*# This character creation system is a purchase system with
absolutely no dice rolling involved. By choosing Traits from a
variety of lists, you decide who your characteris. You will re-
ceive extra points called "freebies" at the end of the process,
which you can then use to add dots to any Trait, so do not
‘agonize over all your choices. Nonetheless, even with freebie
points, you probably cannot buy everything you want.

‘© Most Traits are rated numerically from 1 to 5. This sys-
tem is similar to the "stat" system used to rate movies, restau-
rants and hotels. One dot in a Trait indicates poor oF novice
ability in that Trait. Two dots indicate an average Trait, while

not 5 indicates that you are among the best in the world.

J, Traits are based on an average human range.

* It is a good idea for your group to discuss the nature of
their Circle before anyone creates characters (see The Circle,
below). It is your responsibility to create a character who be-
longs in the group. The characters in the Circle should be
bound together by more than happenstance. Although it is
‘okay to have a pair of characters tied together by nothing more
than the strings of Fate, i's more interesting to play characters
who know each other. Make sure your character has at least
cone feature in common with every one of her compatriots,
whether this feature be a Fetter, a Passion or an enemy. If your
character doesn't fic in and distupts the story as a result, you
wwon't have as much fun, and your Storyteller may decide that

J you have to create a new character.

Asthe Storyteller, your role is to guide the players through
the character generation process. After your players arrive for
the game session, you need to introduce them to the basic
premise of the game and describe the rules system. Your main
goal should be to make character creation as easy a8 possible

Pass out the character sheets and give the playersa minute
to look them over and ask questions. Then go through the
character creation process step by step, filling in all the details
of the characters' Traits.

Ie is sometimes adv
creating characters. This ensures that the players don't feel
rushed and that they take the time to create real and provoca-
tive characters, not paper-thin stooges. In fact, you may en-
courage your players to come to the character generation ses-
sion with a fairly developed idea of what kind of characters
they'd like to pla

‘Once you are done with the practical detail, you can spend
the rest of the session running preludes for the characters. A
prelude is a form of abbreviated storytelling in which you tell
the story of a character's mortal life and death. Preludes ate
the players introduction to the chronicle as well as their chat.
acters, so make them memorable. Preludes are described at the
end of this chapter.

Step One: Concept

You begin by formulating a basic concept for your charac-
ter. Only a vague idea about the characters life is needed. As
the chronicle develops, you will flesh out your character by
roleplaying. You can ereate a character from any culture ot
nation. In any case, you have been dead less than 30 years

There are three basic questions you must ask: who were
you in life, how did you die, and why can't you let go?

life

How did you live your life? What did you do? Pick some-
one relatively mundane and normal, though famous dead may
be acceptable if the Storyteller allows. Here are some ideas:
* Criminal — You were a jailbird, Mafioso, ent burglar
drug dealer or petty thief.
‘© Cop — You were a beat cop, detective or maybe just a

ian — You were a judge, a mayor, a grass-roots
organizer, a union offical, a senator or just a wannabe lawyer.
* Faithful — You may have been pious, but you didn't
wind up where you expected.
‘Drifter — You were a hobo, a cowboy, a theater tech, a
pilgrim, a hooker or simply homeless.


* Dilettante: You lived in a state of hedonistic excess or
* Cultist

Asa member of a cult, you subsumed to own,

* Punk — You were born and died on the wrong side of

You died long before your time.
* Artist — You lefe behind your vision, your unfinished
masterpiece, your magnuan opus. Wonder if anyone'll ever no-
tice?
* Profe
what you misse

jonal — Work was your life; now you wonder

ink slate. Perh
fe forgotten everyone who ever

s you never lived

aps yc
‘meant anything Co you

Death

The manner in which you died is vital to describing your

reaction to death. How did you di
When did it happen? Why did it happen? Here

© Old Age— Though you lived a full lifespan, you weren't
ready to die.

* War — You died on the fields of "glory."

* Overdose — The road of your excess lend to death,

* Random Violence — You were in the wrong place at
the wrong time.

* Suicide — Your eries for help fell on deaf eats

* Murder — You were prey for a dark predator.

* Disease — After much pain and suffering, you suc-
cumbed to your terminal illness.

* Domestic Violence — You
and rage.
so quickly

* Mystery — You have no idea how it happened — or
pethaps you don't want to know

Freak of Nature — You were hit by lightning, or per
haps a shark ate you.

casualty of an age-

does she

some ideas:
You never fulfilled your destiny.

* Unrequited Love — He never looked twice at you
well, by God, he will now!

* Teue Love — You left someone behind whom you value
more than anything.


* Vengeance — Your last thoughts were

you back, you bastard!
— You had a duty to perform, and you failed to

* Theory

You never proved your theory or published
and maybe someone else will steal them!
* Success — You had everything —and now it'sall gone

* Children
ber you.

You didn't leave anyone behind to remem.
‘© Legacy — You didn't leave anything of lasting value to
the world.
* Failure —Indecision, distrust, low self-esteem: call it
what you will, but you failed,
Life was a banquet, and you ate oatmeal.
sr took that trip to Brazil or the Scot-
tish Highlands.
* Sin
sou.

The chains of guilt still weigh heavily on your
© Bad Blood — You never made peace with your son be

fore you died — and now it's too late. Or is it?

Nature and Demeanor

Now you need to choose personality Archetypes that de

scribe both the internal nature and external attitude of your
character

Your character's Nature is the most dominant aspect of

her true personality. The Archetype you choose for your

character's Nature describes the character's most deep-rooted

> pro:

vides the primary means by which she regains Willpower

Choosing a Nature helps you describe who your character re-

feelings and beliefs about herself and the world; it

ally s on the inside
You should also choose a Demeanor to describe the per
sonality your char nds to possess. This isthe role she
aysto the world, ade she presents to it. The Demeanor
should probably, though not necessarily, differ from the At
chetype you have already chosen as the character's Nature
Whatever you choose s only the character's typical pose; people
‘can change Demeanor as quickly as they change mood. You
ucter's Demeanor at any time, allowing
int people and different situations. De

no practica

may change your eh
B her to adapt to dit
meanor ha effect on the rules, but it serves as a
useful guide for roleplaying.
Some examples of personality Archetypes are listed be-

low

Step Two: Choosing Attributes

A character's Attributes are part of his intrinsic makeup.

Although the character no longer has a living body, he still

has a form in the afterlife. form, or Corpus, fits the

Personality Archetypes

# Architect: You are unhappy unless you are creat

keys

* Bon
even after death.

seek the good things in life —
1 bully; you like to be

fet: Many need your love and protection,
*Ch

take care of you.

You never grew up, and want someone to

* Conformist: A follower at heart, you find iveasy to
adapt, adjust and comply
here's alway which

* Conniv an easier way

mone else doing your work.
ath is perfeet, and you
pointing out flay

ourpuss andl cynic to

ot Tike

© Director: You hate chaos and are forever taking

* Jeste ke life, or

death, serion

you can't
ice and reconciliation,

fou need to be needed and enjoy

1 cause; you rebel out of habit

Wisdom is your quest, insight your key

character's self-image and retains many of his traits from life.

Attributes still answer questions such as: How fast are his re

flexes? How attractive is he? How long does it take him to
ind new ideas?

Fi mu

Physical, Mental and Social. Choc

war cha

und
prioritize the three categories of Attributes
which of these cat-
ties y ter is good (primary), in which he is aver:

¢ (secondary), ry he is poor (tertiary. Is


ter more physical than social — is he more brawny
rious?

* Physical Attributes.
how strong, nimble and sturdy your character is. They are the
primary Attributes of an action-oriented character

than

The Physical Attributes describe

the
Physical Attributes concern the strengths and weaknesses of
the body. Str
how much da
bat. Dexterit

th measures a character's lifting power and
she can inflict in basic hand-to-hand com
ates a wraith's speed and agility. Stamina mea:

sharacter's constitution and resilience.

© Social Attributes — Your character's Social Attributes
id manipulate oth.
and charm. Ma-
nipulation measures a character's ability to talk her way into
and out of situations. Appearance describes how the character
looks and carries herself

‘© Mental Attributes — These Traits represent your
's thought capacity, and include such things as
memory, perception, nd the ability to think
ly. Perception describes the wraith's observation skills
oning and learning poten-
action time and ability to

measure her ability to relate to, moti
crs. Charisma

ndicates person:

qui
Intelligence represents memory
tial. Wits measures a characte!
think on her feet

Your character concept may help suggest Attribute priori

but feel free to pick any scheme you please. For now, your

acter conception should be
outli

ry general — paint a broad, Q

sweepii instead of concentrating on little d

All

priority selection determines how many dots you

ters start with one dot in ea
to spend
in each category. You may divide seven dots among your
ry Attributes, five dots among her secondary
J three among her tertiary Attributes. Thus, you
may choose to a h's Physical At-

seven dots to your wrs

tributes, five to her Mental Attribute:
Social Atu You may divi

al Attributes as you see fit — y

Attribute dots to Char

tributes, or two dots to one a

and only three dots to
jong the in-
all thre

e the dots
ould assi

of your Soci , one dot to each of

the three Soci done dot to

another.

Later in the character creation process, it will be possible

to increase some of the so don't worry too much about

your choices. Let your intuition guide you.

Note: The space after each Attribute (and Ability
you to fill in a spec ibcategory of the Trait in which @
the character excel

Specialties are fully explained in the
Chapter Six; for now, concent ‘on choosing your ratings.

Chap Fie ace

and teachers, but
-. Is your character edu

how to rank your Talents,

the character' aptitude in th

The numb Jetermine how many dice you roll when

your character at

s describe intuitive Abilities. Talents do not need to

five dots in

and cannot be studied or leamed from a book;

theyare xd through direct experience. Is your char-

mans Gfon Four: Advantages

+ self-caught

ing of

You do not prioritize or rank the different ¢

Advantage id have

gn within each one. Though this number is

Is your ch

ly) practice

Arcanos

Characters may choose their Arcanos — the special se-
crets and powers of the Restless. A character begins with five
dots in Arcanos, but she may purchase more Arcanos with free
bie points. A beginning character cannot have more than three

dots in any one Ar

Backgrounds

Every character gets seven dots to allocate among Back-
ground Traits. You have only seven dots to allot and your Sto-
ryteller may restrict access to certain Backgrounds. Your Back-
ground Traits should be compatible with your character con-
cept.

Passions

Wraiths are creatures of passion, and as such, they need
reasons to exist beyond death. Each
cise statement of a goal (i.c., protect my daughter, avenge my
death, etc.), followed in parentheses by the emotion that cor
responds to it (Love, An
ter ha

ssion consists of a con-

ete),

h cba 10 points to assign to Passions. After

chosen and listed all of your Passions, assign a rating
from 1 to 5 in each Passion, thereby deli
the Passion is to you. Difficult or general Passions
ind faith,"

how strong

Help oth-
1c hope to my children") should have higher
ratings than simple tasks ("Recover my body,'
imotoreycte").

Passion ratings may not exceed 5. For mote information,
see Pathos and Passions on pp. 136-137

Fetters

Fetters are the people, places and things that tie you to
the real world. They are your strongest connections to your
mortal life, and they bind you to the Shadowlands until you
are able to resolve them. Fetters represent the people, places
and things with which (or with whom) you have "unfinished
business." Fetters are listed in the same manner as Passions
Unlike Passions, however, Fetters are tangible, material ob-

jects.

ach Fetter also receives a rating from 1 to 5. This rating
ince of the Fetter or its connotation.

mysterious — why is that locked room in
the sub-bas

Fett
have to be.

<d, though they do not
ht have a "gold engagement

deaths of my girlfriend and myself (Rev
Fetter ratings may not exceed 5.

Character Creation Chart

* Step One:

haracter Concept
Nature and Demeanor

Attrib

Choose concept,
*# Step Two: Selec

s: Physical, Social

ength, Dexterit
s+ Charisma, Manipulation,
terception, Intelligence

# Step Three: Select Attributes

Talents, Skill

Talents, Skills, Knowledge
© Step Four: Select Advanta

(B95)

\rean Backgrounds (7), Passions

© Step Five: Finishing Touches

invnitys Pathos (5+ Memoriam +

ies )

Five: Finishing Touches
Often, the most important stage of character creation is
applying the last touches — the little det

that complete the character. In this step, you,
bie" points, enabli

ls and flourishe
in your 15 "free-
g you to add more dots to any of the Traits

on the character sheet. Before you spend these points, how
ever, you must record the base scores for your character's

thos and Willpower.

Pathos

The Pathos rating measure the pool of energy generated
by Passions and used by

ths to perform Arc
Pathos equals 5 plus the number of dots the wr
the Memoriam Background. You can add additic
your starting total by spending freebie points. The Pathos Pool
cannot exceed 10 points.

illpower
The Willpower Tra

ding the de
shadow. Willpower is essential for controlling the actions

os. Starting
h possesses in
al points to

tes how much self-control a wraith
to which she can re

of stre

, especially in tis


on articul
up to 8

unning your character #
you are done before attempting to co
uur character.

Appearance

Wraiths tend to assume a Corpus that in some way re-

WO. flects their self-image, For example, a wraith may appear as

You should turn the
relevant Traits of your character — such as the Social Attributes


and concept — into aspects of appearance. High Intelligence
can become a clear, pien Dilettante concept could
translate into stylish and expensive clothes. In this way, you

can make your characters Traits more tangible and interest-
ing, It's better roleplaying to say, "There always seems to be a
sneer of disdain on my face," than to say,
condescending."

Specialties

You may wish to give your character specialties in her
Traits. Each Trait with a rating of or higher can be given a
specialty. Though most players select specialties for their Traits
during play, you can pick them immediately. Specialties are
particular aspects of Traits at which your character is especially
good. Simply fill in the space next to the Trait with,
priate specialty; suggestions are made with each Te
ter Six. Though primarily used for rolepl
lower the difficulties of di

(uirks

By giving your character quirks, interesting personal de
tails and anecdotes, you can add a great deal of depth and i
terest to him. Write sntences on the back of your char
acter sheet describing the strange and possibly interesting things
thatdefine your character. A quirk could be a twisted sense of
humor, a gentleness toward animals, ora habit of grunting when
tnswering yes to a question.

The Citcle

Before anything else ean be
concept for the Circle and a theme for the chronicle. While
many eases the Storyteller will have prepared a background
setting with a niche ready for the cha
need to be ava
their chal

fou can tell I'm very

ig,
rolls to perform ce

acters to fill, the players
‘of and interested in the situations into which
rs will be thrust.

Bamgle of Charter Creation

€g is going to create a Wraith ch:

Using the outline, Meg begins the process
H| thar will rurn her idea into a full-fledged
| character.

= Step One: Concept

First, she must com

up with a character concept. Meg
wants to play a female character, s0 she uses that decision to
female
characters: prostitute, a housewife, an executive. She wants

limic her concept choices. She rejects stereotypic

ter, the Story

ter. Details of

for that chai
neration are detailed on pp. 175-18:

to play someone very different from herself, someone who can

say the things she normally can't — someone who can speak

out. Meg chooses a street poet concept. Her character lives on,
the street, often homeless, but she has an inner fire that in-
spires scathing poems about the things that affect her life. She

wants to contrast this character's alley-cat beginnings with
high-class name; Cassandra comes to mind.

Meg ponders for a moment about Cassandra's Nature and
Demeanot. These two Traits will help her nail down Cassandra's
personality more easily. The Nature is Casandr
psyche, the part of her that affects all her thoughts and ac-

tions. Meg decides that Cassandra is a Visionary: she sees be-
yond the city streets and the corruptior
thing gre

projects

ound her to some-
for herself and her family. To the world, Cassandr
rdened, Rebel Demeanor. She puts on a big show
of rebellion; deep inside, however the revolution she wants to
lead is one of the soul. She developed the Rebel Demeanor in
order to stay ali

n her tough neighborhood.

Step Two: Attributes

Now Me choose Cassandra's Attributes. She pri-
-s her categories in the following way

Social is Cassandra's primary category, because her expe
rience asa street poet has given her the interpersonal skills to
get her point across.

ori

Physical is Cassandra's secondary category, bec:
it's tough growing up as the only gitl in a family
The street is better than any fitness spa.

Mental is Cassandea's tertiary ca because the edu
cation in her area is lousy, and because she is s0 often lost in
poetic reverie that she fails to notice impending danger.

Dividing Cassandra's seven Social points, Meg assigns her
a 4 Charisma (three points plus the one point free for each
Attribute), 3 Manipulation, and a 3 Appearance (all of these
are necessary for her to get people's attention, create poems

, well,
ull of boys

that will afect people, and draw people into her vision).

Two of Cassandra's five Physical points are spent on
Strength, giving her a respectable Strength of 3. She spends
one point on Dexterity and two on Stamina, giving her a Dex-
terity of 2 and a Stamina of 3

Finally, two of Cassandra's three Mental points are spent
on Wits, and the last is allotted to Intelligence (Meg feels
Cassandra would have more sense than smarts). She worries
about the one point in Perception, but plans on doing some-
thing about that deficiency when she spends freebie points (see

below).

Step Three: Abilities

Next, Meg has to prioritize and pick Cassandra's Abili-

She decides Cassandra relies primarily on her innate Tal-

‘ents to survive on the strect (this becomes her primary Ability
category). Skills are also important to street poets (especially
Performance, because Cassandia is a performer as well as a
writer), so that is her sccondary category. Cassandra's educa
tion has been sporadic and spotty, so Knowledge Abilities be-
come her tertiary category.

Meg has 13 points to spend on Talents. She immediately
spendls two points on Alertness (good for spotting people who
are following you, or for noticing when someone is paying at-
R tention ro you). She spends a point on Dodge (always good to
have) and two points of Brawl (a couple of year fighting your
brothers will teach you at least that much). Cassandra needs
to know how people feel, so Meg spends two points on Empa-
thy, Stret poets obviously need to have something to say and
the ability to say it well, so Meg spends three points on Ex-
pression. Finally, Meg puts two points in Cassandra's Streetwise
(casy to explain with her street background) and one point in
Subterfuge, to demonstrate Cassandra's understanding of how
to manipulate language.

Mex has nine points to spend on Skills. She gives
‘Cassandra ratings of 2 in Meditation (she's gor to have some
way of keeping her peace in a violent world... perhaps she
prays or just walks to meditate), 2 in Leadership (she used to
boss her brothers around), 1 in Firearms (she learned how to
shoot a gun from her brothers), and 1 in Seealth (her time on
the street her the necessity of discretion). She fin-
B ishes off this section by taking a Performance rating of 3, be-
f} cause she wants to be entertaining while she screams her po-
Hh etry at people.

Finally, Meg represents her haphazard, mostly library-
gained education by spreading out her five points among Poli-
ties, Computer, Law, Linguisties and Occult.

Step Four: Advantages

Now Meg moves into wraithly matters. She must pick from
a lange number of Backgrounds, and she only has seven points
tospend. Meg doesn't wane to play an unrelentingly dark char-
acter: she's interested in playing a "vigilante" kind of wraith
who takes care of the people who were important to her in
life. Accordingly, she picks two points of Eidolon immediately;
she wants to be able to dispel her Shadow if she needs to pro-
tect someone. Meg figures that mast of Cassandra's neighbor-
hood remembers her: her poems are written on city walls all
and every time someone looks at one, she gets
more Memoriam. Thus, she gives Cassandra a Memoriam rat-
ing of 2. Meg decides that Cassandra kept her favorite pair of
rollerblades even beyond the grave, so she lists Relics I on her

sheet. Meg also decides that, of the three factions in Wraith,
she likes the Renegades best, so she gives Cassandra one dot in
the Renegade Background. This doesn't mean she's a Renegade
herself: she just knows a few. Finally, for one point, she pur-
chases the Haunt Background, Cassandra's Haunt is Ci
ferno, a trendy coffee shop in Atlanta.

Now, Meg turns to Passions. She has 10 points to sp
this is where she can really say alot about her character. Meg
rakes moment to think about her character. What things are
important to her? What things drive her? The first thing that
pops into Meg's head is that Cassandra left behind a lover when,
she died: Cynthia. This forms her first Passion: to protect
Cynthia. Simple enough... and Love is a perfect focus forthe
Passion. Because this is the major drive for her character right
now, she assigns three points to it. Meg asks David, the Story-
teller, whether this is okay, noting that this Passion has as its
focus the protection of one of her Fetters. David decides thar
it's okay, but suggests that she purchase some non-Fetter
lated ones next. So, Meg decides that Cassandra was killed by
a gang of thugs who took issue with something she suid or wrote,
This forms her next Passion: "Get back at the gang," whi
associated with Revenge. She rates iat 2, spending wo
Passion points. She decides to invest two points in a Passion
to keep writing and creating; the affiliated emotion is Pride in
her work. Meg also decides that some sleazy publisher took
pictures of her graffiti-poems and compiled them into a book
that hic the bestseller list. She decides to write down a Pa
of "Ruin the publisher who stole my work," with a focus of
Hate and a rating of 2. Finally, with one point left, Meg adds
licele bie of humanity to her character by having one of her
Passions be "Get back her favorite pen," an easily accomplished
Passion with a focus of Envy.

Next, Meg has to choose Arcanos. There are so many.
but Meg decides that Cassandra wouldn't obsess on just one.
Her "look it up yourself" mentality would prompt her to learn
a Tittle bie about a lot of Arcanos. So, she divides her five
Arcanos points among Argos, Puppetry, Phantasm, Lifeweb
and Embody. Even though she spreads out her Arcanos points:
in this fashion, it shouldn't weaken Cassandra overmuch: a
broad base of knowledge can be a good thing in the
Shadowlands.

Meg must now choose Cassandra's Fetters: the things that
bind her to the living world. She has 10 points to spend. David
warns her not to make her Fetters too tough. First Meg chooses
the Macintosh computer in her community center, something
that could be destroyed rather easily. This is the tool on whi
Cassandra composed much of her poetry. She assigns it a rat-
ing of 2. Next, there's Piedmont Park, a big enough (and per-
manent enough) Fetter, rated at 1. (She used to love to
rollerblade there... but she was also attacked there on ind
she did fall in love with Cynthia there...) She asks David if
she can make Cafe Inferno a Fetter, since it is her Haunt as
well. David agrees, because he's already decided that the Cirele


fe Inferno. Meg spends four points
on that Fetter, giving her a considerable advantage using
Arcanos there. Finally, she makes her mortal girlfriend Cynthia

sign her Willpower and Pathos scores:
sy enough. Cassandra, as a wraith, starts with a Willpower
ng of 5. Because of her Memoriam, she starts with a total
'athos rating of 7.

Step 5: Finishing Touches

Finally, Meg gets to spend Cassandra's 15 "freebie" points.
Meg decides Cassandra should be a bit more perceptive than.
she is, so she spends five freebie points to raise Cassandra's
Perception to 2 ants to excel in Expression, so she spends
two more points to raise it to 4. Meg also spends two freebie
points to raise Cassandra's Alertness rating

Meg wants another Memoriam dot, so she spends another
fieebie point co get it. David says that Cassandra can't have
rollerblades unless she spends another freebie pointon the Relic
lly, Meg blows the last 4 points on Willpower:
‘o need it. Thus, Cassandra's roral Willpower

While this officially ends the character generation pro-
cess, Meg decides to flesh out Cassandra a little more. She
writes a brief paragraph describing her (at Appearance 3 she's
pretty, but not exceptional), writes a little about Cafe Inferno,
and describes the relics that Cassandra possesses (pethaps de-
cidding that the rollerblades are not as useful as, say, a flashlight

's special
ties: she lists the specialty of Charisma as ind the spe-
cialty of her Expression as "street poetry."

Meg decides th: dra has, as a quitk, the habit of
pointing at people to whom she is speaking. Additionally, her
very expressive nature means she gestures a lot when she talks.

And there it is: a completed character. Now David will
take Meg and Cassandra through a prelude to flesh out Meg's
ideas about her character.

qhe Prelude

Now you are ready to play your character, even though
she is not complete. The prelude is the name for this frst ses-
In the prelude, the character' last hours of life are reen-
ted, and her journey into death b

The prelude is essential to the development of a Wraith
character. Once the player and Storyteller have roughly
sketched out who and what the character is, they roleplay the
journey from life into death, including the character' initial

experiences in the afterlife.


(oy!

The player may wish to sketch out the characters life in
only the broades . ling particular
ext in which they fit.

to the afterlife and

bers little of her past life. Details about a

may thus be discovered throughout the

If itis difficult for a player and Storyteller to run a pre
lude, then they should simply talk about relationships and Fer-
ters, and discuss the character' life and death,

Death: The Begining

The prelude begins with the death scene. Ifa Storyteller
wants, a few minutes or hours of life before the character'
imminent demise may be played out, but very little informa-
tion should be given to the player. Some players may not even
realize exactly how their characters die.

‘Then it ends. The character is dead. Most Storytellers will
wane to give their pl sense of the sudden shock of the
death blow, the helplessness, the cold, the slow cessation of
bodily processes, the brain cells expiring, one by one, for five
minutes after

around it
own funeral, perhaps seeing his friends and

ing . Some wraiths experience a "tunnel of light," while others

0 directly to the Underworld with little pomp and circum:
stance.

p Wandering

During this coryteller may have the character
relive events from his life. These scenes should be quick and
nebulous: for examp! nory of spending time with a lover,
but no recollection of his name or what became of him.

These "snapshot" scenes have two purposes. First, they let
the Storyteller and player feel out the character and her r
tions to certain events. Second, they
opportunity to plant seeds that she
storylines or subplots in her chronicle.

(uestions and Answers

Described below are some questions that should be
swered by the end of the
de, you sho

have undergone the
With each question we list what sorts of things the player


‘+ How old were you when you died?
Were you in the prime of life, a child, or very old? This
can determine your physical appearance in the Shadowlands.

* What was your family life like?

In the World of Darkness, many families are not the
healthiest of institutions. Were you wounded by your family?
Did you wound them? Were they supportive, caring and lov-
ing? How many brothers and sisters (and stepbrothers and step-
sisters) did you have? Did your parents divorce? Did you have
stepmother or stepfather? Were you an orphan?

‘© What was the most shameful thing you've ever done?

This could be as innocent as stealing a candy bar (not
likely) or as terrible as murder. Think about this one long and
hhard: ic will shape the way your Shadow operates.

‘© What was the best thing you've ever done?

Even Hitler painted roses. Even if you were a psychopath
who brutally killed many before your demise in the electric
; what good thing, what single moment of humanity did
you exhibit? If you were not so awful, what feat was your shin-
ing moment! Did you save a homeless shelter from being closed?"
Represent someone pro bono for her divorce out of an abusive
marriage? Give your last dollar to a starving child?

* What places were important to you in life?

Even aside from your Fetters, this can tell you a lot about
your character. Was there a favorite hangout as a teenager?
Did you build a treehouse as a child? Did you love to go t0 a
specific movie theater? Was a particular restaurant your favor-
ite? Did you love a particular park? All of these chings can
shape your character's development and provide sources for
Fetters

+ How did you die?

Okay, s0 you've chosen your death... buthow did y
Explain in detail... or are you still unaware of how you died?
there a funeral? Were you buried or cremated? What was
placed in the coffin with you? Where are your ashes now? Who
mourned you? Who didn't? Did your loved ones carry your
memory around like a stone around their neck, or did they
quickly forget you?

‘+ How long have you been dead?

How many years? Who remembers you (if anyone docs)?
Have you lost any Fetters to the ravages of time or vindictive
wraiths? How well do you know the local Necropolis? Do you

know the political lay of the land? Do you hold seniority over
anyone in your area?

* How did you meet the rest of your Circle?

‘Were you brought together by a Reaper, or did you just
meet by a quirk of fate? It is important to determine how you
relate to the rest of your Circle. Whar do they think of you?
‘What are your jobs and perks in the Circle?

‘* What was your first run-in with other Underworld
dwellers like?

Did you run into a horde of ravening spectres? Were you
the target of a slaver? Did a Heretic attempt to convert you?

You should take into account your Hierarchy, Heretic or Ren-
egade Back
‘© What do you do for fun?

ind when answering this question.

This is very important: death is depressing. It's nice to get
out and have some fun from time to time. Do you skinride
people while they make love? Do you watch TVs that are left
oon in department stores, relying on your unearthly senses to
listen through the glass? Do you play tricks on mortals, mak-
ing them do silly things? Do you use your Phantasm to tell
stories to other wraiths? Do you amuse yourself by stealing
socks from laundromats or dice from roleplaying games (damn,
you stil don't have a life, do you)? Do you enjoy making seri-
‘ous people laugh and funny people serious? It's
lighten the mood of a Wraith story from time to tim
is one way to do it.

* Where is your favorite Haunt?

This is some place affiliated with you or your Circle. You
hang out there. Stories c. Itshould be interesting
‘enough to generate a few story ideas, but not so important that
you can't venture beyond it

* Where docs your Circle meet?

Does your group have a penchant for dangling off of sky-
scrapers, or meeting on the tracks of a subway (just don't touch
the third rail)? Do you like to meet in the mayor' office after
hours, or ina back alley someplace? After all, the world is your
playground: you can meet anywhere. Where will you go?

* What motivates you?

What drives your character, makes her laugh, makes her
xy, makes her angry, makes her desire, makes her afraid? What
gives her hope? In what does she believe? Once you know these
things abour your character, you can begin to structure her

in start thi

creation.

)

INF
fen ™\


Chapter Six
]ral

What a piece of work is man!
William Shakespeare, Hamlet

enable you to detail your character's
strengths and weaknesses, allow you to

its are the

Y here are as many archetypes as there are typi

ccal situations in life. Endless repetition has
| engraved these experiences into our psychic
| constitution the possi
bility of a certain type of perception and ace

ind, most importantly, help you
focus and understand your character

A character's Traits describe only the general parameters
of her abilities. The essence of the characteris created throu Sed) tion
roleplaying and imagination. Traits in Wraith are intention- —Carl Jung, Collected Works, Vol. 9
ally left sketchy — at least the number-crunching part — so
you will not cone

Personality Archetypes are a way of defining wraiths' per-
sonality. Characters do not, in fact, fit into such neat and tidy
categories. Archetypes are the templates for an infinite num-

trate on the character sheet too much.
What is only crudely established during character creation
comes fleshed out in play. Don't look at your Traits think- ber of different personalities, and should not be seen as
ing you have icter. Your roleplaying will cre- [ute standards. These personality Archetypes are examples of

your character. the variety of personalities that can found; they are intended

bso-

complete cl


eptof ar-
cchetypes as a way of describing any concept that resides in the
collective unconscious of humanity. He believed that such
complex symbols couldn't be rigidly categorized, but he did
give names to some of the archetypes. Nonetheless in order to
-orporate the concept of archetypes into our systems, a modi-
fied version of this idea is used to describe personalities, so
remember to take the following guidelines with a grain of salt.

‘The key to the use of Archetypes is the interaction be-
tween the character's Nature and Demeanor. Nature is the true
personality of the character, that which she is but may not
reveal to others. Most people, not wishing others to know them
intimately, create facades behind which they can hide their
true selves. Such facades are known as Demeanors. A
character's Demeanor may be as consistent as her Attributes
‘or may change ftom minute to minute. An extraordinarily open,
honest or simple-minded individual may have the same De-
meanor and Nature.

Archetypes have a practical impact on the game, for each
Archetype provides a different way to regain Willpower points.
The Nature of the character is thus vital in regaining Will-
power. The procedure works like this: the player notices her
character may be able to regain Willpower because of her ac-
ions or the situation — this varies from Archetype to Arche-
type. She asks the Storyteller if she can regain Willpower, and
the Storyteller either accepts or rejects the request. Ifthe Sto-
ryteller deems the request valid, he awards from one to three
Willpower points depending on the nature of the character's
actions. The Storyteller shouldn't reward a character if he

thinks the player is performing the action merely to regain
Willpower.
N The Storyteller should also encourage players to develop
their own Archetypes, thus giving players the opportunity to
create truly unique personalities.

Storytellers should also sce pp. 177-179 for descriptions

of Shadow Archetypes.

Architect

Your sense of purpose transcends your own needs; you try
to ereate something of lasting value for those who come after
p you. People need many things, and you gain satisfaction by
ing whatever you can. You are the type of person who
‘effort to build something of value: to found a town,
create a company or in some way leave a lasting legacy.

— Regain Willpower whenever you create or establish
something of importance or lasting value.

Avant-Garde

You must always be in the forefront. You must always be
the first to break the news, learn the new dance, display a fash-

ion trend, or patronize a new discovery in the arts. New dis-
coveries are your life, and you devote a great deal of time and
efforc to keeping up with things. Nothing pains you more than
hearing secondhand news. If you're not in the front, you're
nowhere.

— Regain one point of Willpower whenever you are the
first with a piece of news or other significant discovery.

Bon Vivant

Life and afterlife are pointless, shallow and meaningless
—s0 have as good a time as possible. Rome may burn, but you
shall drink wine and sing songs. You are a s
and party animal; the words austerity selfdenial andl sef-is-
cipline have no place in your life. You much prefer the con-
cept of instant gratification. Still, ou don'e mind a litle hand
work as long asa good time awaits you upon completion. Most
Bon Vivants have little self-control, for they so dearly love
excess,

—Regain Willpower whenever you havea truly good time
and can fully express your exultation (or perhaps even more
points if you enjoy an especially fun night).

Bravo

You are a bully a rufian, a tough, and delight in torment-
ing the weak. Things must always go your way, and you do not
tolerate those who cross you. Power and might are all you re-
spect; indeed, you heed only those who can prove their power
to you.

You see nothing wrong with forcing your will upon oth-
ers. There is nothing you like better than to persecute, an-
tagonite, heckle and intimidate those whom you hold in con-
tempt. The emotions of kindness and pity are not completely
foreign to you, but you hide from your own sense of weakness
through cruelty to others. While most Bravos despise the weak,
a few become their protectors.

— Regain Willpower whenever you intimidate or physi-
cally force another person to do what you wish.

Caregiver

You always try to help those around you and struggle to
make a difference in the needs and sorrows of the unfortunate
People around you depend on your stability and strength to
keep them steady and centered. You are the one to whom people
tum when they have a problem.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully protect
‘or nurture someone else. This protection can be as small as a
smile of support of a shoulder to lean on at an appropriate
moment. You must help the other person in son
he need not acknowledge it openly.


You are still immature in personality and temperament:
kid who never grew up. Though you can care for yourself, you
prefer the security of being watched over by others. Often you
seek out someone to look out for you — a caretaker of sorts.
Some see you as.a spoiled brat, while others see you as an is

nocent cherub unaffected by the evils of the world. This is a
hs who died when they were

very common archetype for wra
young and subsequently matured mentally, but not emotion:
ally

—Regain Willpower whenever someone does somethi

tohelp you with no apparent gain for herself.

Conformist

You are a follower. Taking charge is just not your style. It
is easier for you to adapt, attune, adjust, comply and reconcile
yourself to the new situations in which you find yourself. Y

flit to the brightest star, the person you feel to be the best,
throwing your lot in with her. It is difficule and distasteful for
you tc inst the flow or to rebel. You hate inconsistency
‘and instability, and know chat by supporting a strong leader,
you help prevent chaos from occurring, All stable groups need
some kind of Conformist.

Regain Willpower whenever your group accomplishes
something because of your support and aid.

Conniver

What's the sense of working b
thing for nothing? Why drudge when, just by talking, you can.
set what you want? You always try to take the easy way out,
the fast track to success and wealth. Some people might call
what you do swindling or even outright theft, but you know
that you only do what everyone else does; you just do it better.
Additionally, trickery is

from outwitting someone. C

rd when you can get some-

and you derive great pleasure
niivers play many roles, o you
ay be a thief, aswindler a street waif, an entrepreneur, a con

man or just a finagler.
— Regain Willpower whenever you are able to get your

way by tricking another person into doing as you wish.
Critic

Nothing in the world should be accepted without thor-
‘ough scrutiny and e: ion. Nothing is ever perfect, and
the blemishes must be pointed out in order for the good to be
d. Your standards are high for everything, and
it being met. You encourage the same ideals

low standards reduce the quality of life for
everyone. They'll thank you Tater, once they discover the pu-

truly reco
you insist on th
in others becau


N rity of your perspective. You seek out and expose the imperfec
tions in every person or thing you encounter. You are never
satisfied with anything that is less than perfect,
yourself — after all, you're not a perfectionist.

inless it is

— Regain one point of Willpower whenever you discover
a significane imperfection that others overlook.

Curmudgeon

You are an irascible, churlish person at hear taking every-
thing seriously and finding litele humor in life (though you may
have a wickedly barbed wit). Cynicism is your middle name; it is
the tool with which you judge everything in life. You have avery
well-defined understanding of how things really work, especially
when they involve the circus of human endeavor. The foolish
actions of others have long since ceased to surprise you

Regain Willpower whenever someone does some
stupid, just like you predicted. You must predict it

v7

loud to the other characters or in private to the Storyteller.

Deviant

Ther ways people who don't fit in, and you are such,
«a miscreant. Your beliefs, motivations and sense of propriety

are completely antithetical to the status quo. You are not so
much an aimless rebel as an independent thinker who does
not belong in the society in which you were raised. You don't
lamn about other people's morality, but you do adhere

give
to your own strange code of conduct. Deviants are typically
irreverent, and some have truly bizarre tastes and desires.
—Regain Willpower whenever you successfully thu
nose at wraith society and its precepts without retalia

Director

You despise cha
and organize things in order to suppress anarchy. You lil
be in char

b your

n.

nd disorder, and tend to take control

to

ive to organize, and habitually strive to m
things work smoothly. You trust your own judgment implicitly
and tend to think of things in black-and-white

fou're either for me o
two ways to do this nd the wrong wa

my way
Regain Willpower when you are allowed to le
and accomplish some significant task

group


You are consumed by a cause; itis the primary force in
your life, for good or ill. All your physical, mental and emo-
tional resources are directed toward your cause; in fact, you
may feel very guilty about spending time on anything else. You
lecnothing stand in your way — nothing that you cannot over-
come, in any case. You and those around you may suffer, but
your cause is everything — the end justifies the means. Before
the game begins, make sure you describe your cause and define
how it may affect your behavior.

— You regain Willpower whenever you accomplish an act
that furthers your cause.

Jester

You are the fool, idiot, quipster, clown or comic, forever
making fun of both yourself and others. You constantly seek
the humor in any situation, and strive to battle the tides of
depression inside yourself. You hate sorrow and pain, and con-

ly ery co take others' minds off the dark sie of life. Some-
Limes you'll do nearly anything to forget pain exists. Your par-
ticular brand of humor mighe nor always impress your friends,
but it makes you feel better. Some Jesters manage to escape
pain and are truly happy, but most never find release

— Regain Willpower when you raise the spirits of those
around you through the device of humor, especially when you
‘scape your own pain in the process.

judge

Asa facilitator, moderator, arbitrator, conciliator and
peacemaker, you always se ke things better. You pride
yourself on your rationality, your insight and your ability to
deduce a reasonable explanation when given the facts. You
struggle to promote truth, bur you understand how difficult it
can be to ascertain. You respect justice, for thae is the way
through which truth can rei

In your view, people are resources, albeit ones that are
cult to manage and employ. You hate dissension and arguments,
and shy away from dogmatism. Sometimes Judges make good lead-
¢, though a lack of vision can sometimes cause them to main-
tain the status quo instead of searching fora better system.
n Willpower when you are able to separate the
veh of lies, of when you convince disputing indi-
Viduals to agree with your judgments.

loner

You are alway: ven in the midst of a crowd. You
are the wanderer, hunter and lone wolf. Though others might
think of you as lonely, forsaken, isola

lone,

you prefer your own company to that of others. There are many
different reasons why this might be so: you don't understand
people, you understand people too well, people dislike you,
people like you too much, or you are simply lose in your own
thoughts. Your reasons are your own,

—When you manage to accomplish some significant task
‘on your own, without the aid of others, yet which still aids the
group in some way, you regain Willpower based on the signif
cance of the achievement.

Martyr

All possess the martyr instince, but few act upon it. Even,
fewer live the life of a Martyr. You, however, are such a one.
‘Your desire for self-sacrifice stems from a low sell
feeling ofa lack of control, or a profoundly developed sense of
love. You are able to endure long-lasting and severe suffering
because of your beliefs and ideals

At worst, a Martyr expects sympathy cention be:
cause of his suffering, and may even feign or exaggerate pain
or deprivation. At best, a Martyr willingly suffers injury or e
death rather chan renounce his religion, beliefs, principles,
cause or friends.

rl

— Regain Willpower when you sacrifice yourself in a
and immediate way for your beliefs or another individu:

Rebel

You are a malcontent, iconoclast and free-thinking recal-
citrant. You are so independent-minded and free-willed that §
You are unwilling to join any particular cause o movement.
You are just yourself and only desire the freedom to be yout-
self. Youdo not make a good follower and aren't usually a very
good leader either (unless your followers are willing to go wher-
ever you lead). Your insubordination against authority occa-
sionally reaches the point of stupidity.

—Regain Willpower whenever your rebellion
status quo turns out to be for the best.

Survivor

No matter what, you always manage to survive. You can
endure, pull through, recover from, outlast and outlive nearly
any circumstance. When the going gets tough, you get goin
You never say die, and never give up — never. Nothing angers
you so much as a person who doesn't struggle to make things
better, or who surrenders to the nameless forces of the uni-

pst the

—Regain Willpower whenever you survive a dificult situ-
ation through your own cunning and perseverance.

Traditionalist

You are an orthodox and conservative individual. What
was good enough for you when you were alive is good enough
for you now. You resist change of any sort. You especially op-
pose change for the sake of change — what point is there in
that? You may be seen by some as a miser, a reactionary or
simply an old fogy. You always strive to preserve the status quo.

— Regain Willpower whenever you are able to protect
the status quo and prevent change.

Visionary

‘Very few are brave or strong or imaginative enough to look
beyond the suffocating embrace of society and mundane
thought in search of something more. Society treats such people
with both respect and contempt, for the Visionary perverts as
well as guides society.

You may be a spiritualist, shaman, New Ager, mystic, phi-
losopher or inventor, but whatever you are, you are always look-
ing for something more. You see beyond the bounds of con-
ventional imagination and create new possibilities. Though

impractical bent, you are filled with new ideas and percep-
tions.

Regain Willpower whenever you are able to convince
others to believe in your dreams and follow the course of ac-
tion outlined by your vision of the future.

Artributes

raiths are no longer real, atleast as we understand the term.
Every wraith has a Corpus and sentience, which are the mani-
festations oftheir presence in another form of reality. Attributes
wow serve as descriptors of their continued state of existence.
Acaributes are based on self-concept, on how the charac-

ter sees himself. A wraith's body and general capabilities are
based on habit and expectation, and are as firm and unchang-

ing as real-world Attributes.

Specialties

For each Attribute and Ability Trait
rated 4 or higher, a player can select a spe-
cialty. A specialty is a particular subcat-
egory that a character is capable of perform-
ing with additional proficiency — a character may be able to

drive very well, but may be particularly adept at off-road ma-

A specialty allows the player to reroll 10s scored on ac
tions directly involving the specialty. The player gets to keep

the success indicated by the 10, and may subsequently try aga
for another success, rolling another die for ea

Physical Attributes

Physical Atcributes det
the wraith as

h 10 obtained.

ne the raw extemal power of
fested in the wraith's actions. They are the
easiest to define and thus the easiest to comprehend,

Streneth

‘This Attribute defines a wraith's raw might. It represei
not only physical strength, but city to cause
damage. It is used to determine the base number of damage
dice rolled in any attack.

Strength isused when a wraith attempts to life, cary, push,
heave or break something. isalso used when attempt

ny sort of jump or leap.

Specialties: Strong Grip, Massive, Husky, Able-Bodlied,

Hearty, Powerful, Wiry, La

ing ton

. Poor

8 Average
Good
Exceptional

seeee Outstanding

Dexterity

This Attribute defines a wraith's capacity to perform com-
plex activities. It represents physical speed, grace, precision
and the ability to perform intricate or subtle actions. Dexter.
ity defines the wraith's control of her

Specialties: Smooth-Motioned,
ful, Nimble, Athletic,
Fleet-Footed, Light Touch

Poor: Youare butterfingered, so don't use a chainsaw,

Corpus.
the, Steady, Deft, Grace-
tlike Reflexes, Swift, Sure-Footed,

Avera
time.
Gooxt: You have excellent raw athletic potential
Exceptional: You can juggle five knives.

Outstanding: You can juggle fi
blindfolded.

You can chew gum and walk at the same

knives while

Stamina

The Stamina Attribute defines the wraith's steadfastness.
It represents not only physical endurance, but also determina.
tion, ruggedness, concentration and desire to win, It reflects a
wraith's understanding of her lis
Specialties: Tireless, Enduring, Tough, Determined, Ag-
gressive, Tenacious, Stalwart, Durable, Forceful, Dedi

tions.


run a marathon.

© Outstanding: You could survive in the heart of a

Maelst

Social Attributes

ity and
ombine


D angered. People are manipulated all the time and usually ignore
it. However, ifthe fact is brought to their attention, it can be very
disturbing. Manipulation can net great results, but itis risky to
perform openly. Characters with high Manipulation ratings are
not overly trusted by those who know them best.

Specialties: Glib, Expressive, Cunning, Persuasive,
‘Smooth, Silver-Tongued, Bravado, Ingratiating, Eloquent, lar
ney, Double-Talker, Sophist, Witty

. Poor: You express yourself in as few words as possible.

*¢ Average: Others might believe you.

© Good: You'd make a good lawyer.
Exceptional: You should run for office.
seeee Outstanding: You could sell ice to an Eskimo.

Appearance

‘A .wraith's Appearance Trait, unlike that of mortals, is based
upon her sense of self-worth. The wraith's Appearance reflects
her satisfaction in being herself and how she wants others to see
her. A high Appearance Trait does not necessarily indicate beauty,
bur attractiveness (the two are not always the same).
Appearance is vital in any social situation where words
are not exchanged. It is more important than you might think
offhand; your impressions of another are heavily affected by
that person's looks, no matter how open-minded you are.
Appearance is often used by the Storyteller to judge roughly
how others react to you upon a first meeting. Thus, itcan affect all

other Social rolls you make involving that person (in some cases,
your rating determines the maximum number of successes from a
Social action that can actually be applied, making it impossible

for an ugly person to achieve anything beyond minimal success.
Specialties: Bold Demeanor, Alluring, Captivating, Sexy,
Luminous, Honest Face, Imposing, Dignified, Pleasing, Hand-
some, Beautiful, Gorgeous
. Poor: You tend to attract the hostility of others.
‘Average: You are easily ignored, for you fit in so
well with the crowed.
Good: You have a pleasing appearance, and
people treat you well.
Exceptional: You are good-looking enough to be a
‘model and are given respect and attention because of it
Outstanding: Others first reaction to you is either
awe, intense jealousy or complete solicitude

Mental Attributes

The Mental Attributes represent a wraith's total mental

spacity, including such things as memory, perception and the
ability to learn and think. They represent the wraith's actu
sentience and senses of internal and external understanding.


Perception

This Trait defines a wraith's awareness of reality. It repre-
sents insight into others, sensitivity to one's surroundings and
intuition. In some ways, Perception represents wisdom in that
those with low Perception ratings isolate themselves from their
environment and are thus incapable of growth. It is used when-
ever a wraith attempts to detect something.

While Perception is sometimes used consciously, such as
when you search for something, it more often works intuitively
— you simply notice something. At base, Perception is a sen-
sitivity to the world, an open-eyed quality common among
children (for whom the world is a boundless and mysterious
place) and seldom present among the most jaded.

Perception is used to see if you have the insight to under-
stand or be aware of a certain fact or concept. It can help indi-
cate your degree of alertness to ambushes, the subtext of a
Hierarch's speech, or the subtleties of color in a painting. All
wraiths are extremely sensitive to their surroundings, but only
Perceptive wraiths are alert and insightful enough to realize
what is happening around them.

Specialties: Insightful, Attentive, Patient, Probing, Keen-
Eyed, Intuitive, Visionary, Astute, Apprehensive

. Poor: You are blind to anything but the obvious.

oe Average: You ar ware of the subtle interac-

tions that occur around you.

eee ~~ Good: You ware of moods and textures.

‘eee Exceptional: You are constantly alert to the nu-

ances of life.
© Outstanding: You can find a needle in a haystack.

gence

The Intelligence Trait defines a wraith' understanding of
realty. It represents the ability to perform complex, cerebral
activities. Intelligence is used whenever analytical tasks are
performed

intel

Intelligence represents both your memory and your abil-
ity to learn and think. It is important when using Abilities
that require complex thought processes. Some people describe
Intelligence asa person's quickness of mind or judgment, but
it is more than thé itis the facility for understanding and
the capacity for reasoning and evaluation. Intelligence rates
aun individual's depth and flexibility of thoughe.
Specialties: Discerning, Creative, Knowledgeable, Prag-
matic, Astute, Brilliant, Bookworm, Clear Thinker
+ Poor: 1Q 80
#8 Average: 1Q 100
Good: 1Q 120
Exceptional: 1Q 140
‘© Outstanding: 1Q 160+

The Wits Attribute describes a wrath' ability toreact quickly
and correctly to new situations, as well as her overall sharpness of
mind and cleverness. In the simplest of terms, it measures how
quickly (as opposed to correctly) a wrath thinks. A more com-
plex view incorporates Wits as a shrewdness, sagacity and capac-

for understanding problems in the most basic terms.

Those with low Wits are occasionally unable to take appro-
Priate actions because of surprise (like a deer caught in the glare
of headlights). A low Wits can indicate that you are more eas
tricked and fooled than most people, for you are a gullible and
unsophisticated student of human (and wraith) nature. fyouhave
high Wits, you are able to react quickly to new situations and are
seldom caught off guard by sudden changes in events. Whatever
else happens, you are able to keep your Wits about you.

Specialties: Clever, Shrewd, Sharp, Practical, Wily, Level-
Headed, Creative

. Poor: You send money to relevangelists
‘Average: You know when to bet or fold in poker.
#e¢ Good: You are capable of handling L.A. rush
hours (without shooting anyon
Exceptional: You could be a stand-up comic.
Outstanding: You have a supercomputer for a
brain — it's fast

Abilities
Talents

alents are untrained and intuitive Abilities. Talents can al-
er be studied or learned via training (though a
ire exceptions), but can be learned through direct
‘experience — usually during a story. If your character takes an
action using a Talent he does not possess, there is no effect on
your roll. A number of dice equal to the base Attribute is rolled.
Talents are such natural and intuitive Abilities that i

sumed everyone has some small capacity for each one.

Over the years, you have become prac-
ticed in noticing all that happens around
f you are not actively conce

trating upon the surroundings. You are a

capable bodyguard, for you have learned how to stay alert over
a long period of time. Alertness simply indicates your aware-
ness of the world around you. It describes how much attention
1 pay to things other than the rumblings in your ectoplasm

Gate Sa rats By

:

Ror the doubts in your mind. Alertness relates to the physical
world.

Awwraith can hyperattenuate her senses at will. Sometimes
using Heightened Senses to sense things in the physical world
requires a roll of Perception + Alertness.

. Novice: You tend to be alert to changes, moreso
than most.
*¢ Practiced: You are watchful and very attentive

to your surroundings.
Comperent: You are highly vigilant.

Expert: You are a truly cautious individual and
rarely let down your guard.

Master: You notice everything that goes on
around you.

Possessed by: Watchmen, Hunters, Bodyguards, Report-
ers, Burglars

Specialties: Bodyguarding, Traps, Ambushes, Forests,
Crowds, Noises,

Athletes

This Ability describes your general athletic prowess and
assumes a fami

rity with most sports. It is used to see if you
ccan jump across a chasm, swim through a storm, throw a foot-
ball, vault a fence or climb a tree.

Athletics concerns complex motor actions. Physical ac-
tions requiring only one type of motor action, such as lifting,
donot use the Athletics rating, nor do athletic actions already
subsumed by another Ability

. Novice: Little Leaguer
Practiced: High school jock
Competent: College Varsity player
Expert: Professional athlete
Master: Olympic gold medalist
Possessed by: Professional Athletes, Enthusiasts, Dancers,
Jocks, Kids
Specialties: Mountain Climbing, Acrobatics, Dancing,
specific sports

Awareness

This Talent represents. character's ability to detect things
that are not of the physical world. All wraiths have the ability
tosense the presence of death (using Deathsight) and the pres-
‘ence of supernatural creatures (using Heightened Senses). Sens-
ing things that are not of the physical world often requires a
roll of Perception + Awareness

* Novice: You see strange things out of the comer

of your eye.

Practiced: Odd things are revealed to you.
Competent: All things have a deathly aura that
can easily identify

Expert: You could find a lucky four-leafclover in
seconds.

seee0 Master: You see the bizarre everywhere.
Possessed by: Paranormal Investigators, Gypsies, Psy.

Specialties: Animals, Magic, Supernatural Creatures

Brawl

‘You know how to fight bare-handed. This Ability includes,
such maneuvers as punching, kicking, grappling, throttling,
throwing and gouging. Brawling can get quite ruthless, but
generally isa nonlethal form of combat.

* Novice: You know what ro do, but you haven't
hhad much experience.

** Practiced: You know where to hit people and
make it hurt.

Competent: You can choose your barstool.
Expert: You are a black belt martial arts.
Master: You could be a Golden Gloves boxing
champion.

Possessed by: Martial Artists, Soldiers, Thugs, Police Of-
ficers, Bouncers

Specialties: Armlocks, Boxing, Wrestling, Karate, Judo,
‘Tai Chi, Grappling, Throws, Showing Off

Dadge

The most effective way to win a fight is not to be struck,
Becoming proficient in the Dodge Talent isa very wise choice.
Your rating in this area describes your ability to avoid both
melee and missile attacks; this includes diving for cover and

ducking punches.
* Novice: You hit the ground if someone screams,
"Dackl"
** Practiced: You have no problem finding cover in
a firefight.
#8 Competent: You're always the last one out in
dodge ball

Expert: A lucky shot may land once in ablue moon,
‘©* Master: You can nearly sidestep gunshots.
Possessed by: Criminals, Street Fighters, Military Person-
nel, Bouncers, Boxers
Specialties: Leap, Sidestep, Duck, Cover, Dive

Empathy
You understand and can sympathize with the emotions of
‘others, and are thus able to respond to them appropriately. Often
you can discern the motives behind a person's actions simply by
listening to him. You can also detect when you are being told les.
All wraiths have the ability to sense basic emotions.
Lifesight usually requires a roll of Perception + Empathy.


Novice: People tell you their problems at pari

Practiced: Occasionally you get sympathetic pains
from feelings without being attuned to them.

‘Competent: You have an amazing insight into
the motivations of others.
Expert: No lies ever get past your scrutiny.
#9006 Master: You often finish other people's sentences.
Possessed by: Actors, Mediums, Above-Average Salesmen,
Pick-Up Artists
Specialties: Emotions, Truths, Personalities, Backgrounds

Expression

The Expression Ability represents your ability to get your
point across through speaking or writing, whether you're writ:
ing a book or debating social issues. Characters with high Ex:
pression are unforgettable, but only in their ability to convey
their feelings; intelligent or meaningful expression is the pur
view of other Traits. Expression at its highest form can be art
. Novice: Tabloid reporter
Practiced: College debate team captain
Competent: Successful comedia
© Expert: Best-selling novelist
#¢ Master: Shakespeare
Possessed by: Orators, Politicians, Novelists, Actors,
Dem s, Protesters
Poetry, Impromptu, Radical, Innuendo, Meetings

intimidation
of intimidation takes many forms, from
subtle suggestion to outright physical damage. E:

intimidation has its time and place. People with high lntimi
e auras of authority.

1-olds give you the right of way.
iced: You win an occasional staredown.
Competent: Your gaze is very unsettlin
Expert: You would be an above-average drill sergeant.
Master: You can make vicious animals turn tail
and run
Possessed by: Businesspeople, Bouncers, Military Person-
nel, Mobsters
Specialties: Veiled Threats, Political, Military, Sox
Overt Violence

Streetwise

The streets (whether of the Skinlands or the Necropoli)
are a major source of information and money, as well as big-
time trouble. The Streetwise Talent has a variety of uses. Fis
and foremost, Streetwise allows you to blend in with the local
scene without drawing attention to yourself. Gossip, felony,
theft and street slang are also imparted chrough this


Novice: You know who sells drugs.
Practiced: You are considered cool by the populace.
‘Competent: Member of a prominent gang

Expert: Youhave spent most of yourlifeon the streets.
Master: If you don't know it, it hasn't been said.

Possessed by: Gang Members, Winos, Reporters, Home-
less People, Detectives

Specialties: Picking Pockets, Drugs, Fencing, Slang Terms

Subterfuge

You know how to conceal your own motives; moreover,
you know how to decipher the motives of others and how to
use those motives againse them. The secrets and intrigues of
‘others interest you, and you work at understanding their weak
nesses. A command of this skill makes you the ultimate con-
versationalist, or the ultimate spy.

+ Novice: A few white lies never hurt anyone.
Practiced: You can pick someone up in a nightclub.
Competent: You could be a criminal lawyer.
Expert: Amway salesmen have nothing on you.

'* Master: Perry Mason wishes he had it so good.

Possessed by: Lawyers, Con Men, Casanovas, Politicians

Specialties Finding Weaknesses, Seduction, Little White Lies

Other Talents

Search, Guile, Intrigue, Instruction

sls

Skills are Abilities chat are learned through apprentice-
ships or rigorous training. If you try to perform a feat involving
4 Skill but have no rating in it, the difficulty increases by one.
You are simply untrained in the techniques of that Skill and
thus have a harder time accomplishing the task than someone
who has at least some idea of what he is doing,

t Crafts

This Skill imparts knowledge of master artisan techniques
— woodworking, leatherwork, glassblowing, gem cutting ete. You
can make functional objects from various substances; the quality
of these objects depends on the number of successes you rol.
* Novice: High-school shop class

Practiced: Apartment handyman

Competent: Professional work

Expert: Specialist
© Master: Master artisan
Possessed by Theater Technicians, Handjmen, Git Scouts, Aificers
Ss ities: Cooking, Carpentry, Blacksmithing,
f Leatherworking, Jewelry, Sewing, Origami, Stonemasonry

Drive

You can drive a car and perhaps other vehicles as well.
‘Simply because you have a Drive Skill does not mean that you
are familiar with all land vehicles. Your difficulty may be raised

cr lowered depending on your general experience with a par-
ticular automobile.

. Novice: You can drive an automatic automobile.
*¢ Practiced: You can operate a manual/shife trans-
mission,

#2 Competent: Commercial trucker (except around
Stonegate Industrial Boulevard)

Expert: Formula One car driver

Master: L.A. traffic is a cakewalk to you.
Possessed by: Truckers, Race Car Drivers, Stunt Drivers
Specialties: Curves, lee, Sudden Storms, Stick Shifts

Etiquette

You understand the small nuances of social life and are
able to conduct yourself in a manner that is both unobtrusive
and gracious. You understand how to make your way through,
hhuman and wraith society. Your specialty is the culture with,
which you are most familiar. You use Eriquette during actions
such as dancing, seduction and haggling, Etiquette is also used
when engaging in diplomacy.

. Novice: You know when to shut up.

** Practiced: You know not to wear paisley at a
black-tie dinner.
Competent: You know which spoon is used to
eat soup.
Expert: You can get along with just abour anybody.
‘** Master: You could prevent World War Ill
Possessed by: Diplomats, Idle Rich, Executives
Specialties: Business, High Society, Street Culeure

Firearms

Skill in Firearms means that you have a broad knowledge
of all guns, from a simple .22 ro an Ingram Mac-10 machine
gun. Firearms Skill does not include the ability to operate heavy
machinery such as tank guns and other artillery weapons. How-
ever, the Firearms Skill does include the ability to repair them.

. Nor

° Practiced: You do all right at a firing range.

Competent: You can pull off a few gun tricks.
'e¢ Expert: You're cool and steady, even under pressure.
°° Master: "Do you feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk?"
Possessed by: Gang Members, Police, Criminals, Soldiers,

Hunters

‘Specialties: Rifles, Handguns, Pistols, Machine Guns, Sprays

‘You've had one or two lessons at the gun


Leadership

You can ge

wing the techniques of
he type of person peopl
ed in conjunction with Chi

. Novice: You could «:

positic
lotus position, b e, formed in avari- @

vill follow. Leadership
. a ons or posit

ha Little League team, c an be used to isolate the mind from distrac

*% Practiced: Your voice isa dominant one; you can
demand silence. Meditation can also be used to catch up on lo

a oll (difficulty
2% Competent: You are an effective leader in times y
ofarrife. ective are gained per hour of medi

eee Expert: You attract followers without really trying pie cat mtctn ons spot for awe wit

eee Mas
Hitler...
by: Politicians, Military Officers, Gang Lead-
‘lice Officers

out fidg
Practiced

You are a Napoleon, a Charon — or a
° vlaucnin a pence

cts, Executive:

-cialties: Commands, Oration, Compelling, Friendly,
Noble, Military

d stand on your head in guntir
1nd approach inner calm.

==

sion you ever pursued. Writing and speaking are not covered by
Perfomance; they rely on the Expression Ability.

Nelee

The ability to fight with a weapon is a valuable skill in . Novice: You can play bass in ag

Skill allows in a college play.
Practiced: You can eke out living on the club circuit,
Competent: You ovie or record deal
Expert: You regularly of People
Master: Your work willbe remembered through theag

Karaoke Regul
Solos, While Drunk

Knives, s
ie examples of the types of we
ill. This Skill isalmost a
days because of the prevalence of firearms, but keep in mind
aand the Far Res

the Gothic-Punk env

afa and

you to use hand-held weape
‘ered by the

an gi

haic in mortal society nowa-

the same is not always true in Sty
. Novice: You
©* Practiced: You have

Competent: You draw byes in ken

Specialties: Hardcore, Villains, Gu

Repair

You are able to repair simple or complex devices of all
-n computers.

ssed by: Actors, Musicians,

week course in fens

Expert: Any weapon is deadly in your

aster: Bruce Lee with a pair of nunchuka

K

sorts. Such devices include doors, cars and
Mastery of this Skill means that you are a jack-of-all-trades.
ThisSkill covers everything from simple

do Enthusiasts, ‘Thugs,

Possessed by: Police, Fence

Gang Members
nntry to mechan-

Specialties: Swords, Axes, Rapiers, Knives, Clubs, Disarm,
sae : ics. Of course, proper tools are always needed.

. Novice: You can assemble ready-made kits.
Practiced: ¥
Competent: You

tar playing and acting. You know the minut

Performance

You are able to perform artistic ac

ould wire a house.

wve quite a few dollars in me

Expert: You are able to repair personal comput-

how todo it. You specialty isthe type of pe oun aioe

Wik fe ine


Master: If it's broken, you can fix it.

Possessed by: Handymen, Carpenters, Electricians, Me-
chanics, Husbands

Specialties: Woo, Computers, Elect

th is the ability to sneak about or hide without being.
seen or heard; itis often rolled against another character's Per-
ception.

. Novice: You can hide in the dark.
Practiced: You can hide in the shadows.
Competent: You

accomplished hunter.

Expert: You can walk silently over two inches of
dry leaves.

Criminals, Spies, Reporters
rowwl, Hide, Lurk, Shadows, Crowds, Cr

raling

he sis

Piloting, Cooking, Boating, Archery, Disguise

Knowledges

Knowledges include all the Abilities that require rigorous appli-
cation ofthe mind, not the body. Accordingly, Mental Traits are wed
tomodify Knowledge rolls. Though the ratings discuss Knowledges in
temmsof college degrees school isnot the only way to gain Knowledges

itissimply the most common. These are scholastic abilities for the
most part, but self-study or tutoring is also possible.

If youdo not Knowledge, you cannot even attempt
aroll involving it. There are exceptions, however, such as when
the Storyteller rules that the roll pertains to trivial informa
tion thar anyone has a chance of knowing

Bureaucracy

This Knowledge includes the ability to make your way
through the political system, in the Shadowlands or in Sty
Knowledge also includes the ability to run a bureaucracy,
which of course presupposes at least a rudimentary sense of
ation. In fact, this Knowledge ean be seen as the chief
ational ability in the game.
* Student: You have good organizational ability.
You understand power structures and can
intuitively sense who is in control.
Masters You can perform stalling tactics indefinite
Doctorate: You can perform supervisory adi
istrative duties.

#06 Scholar: You could obtain a meeting with the

President of the United States.

Computer

You understand how to operate and program computers.
You may also be able to design your own system. If you wish to
break into a computer system, you need this Knowledge.

rudent: You can boot up a video game.

+ College: You ma

Bin Data Processing 101
Masters: You are a competent programmer and
can design your own software.

ning Ma Bell,
ing Ar

Scholar: of ere:
tificial
Possessed by: Pro

SH Coders, Students, Hackers

elligence.

Figs

Purzles and problems occupy your imagination — in fact, you
may even enjoy being perplexed. Solving riddles of all sont sa pas-
sion, and this interest has given you a knack for piccing together a
remembering information vital to many kinds of problem

ige asst players in solving the mys-
teries created by the Storyteller. It is essentic secret
pathways to lost realms, answering the riddles of mystical guant-
ians, or riddling for one's soul against evolent Malfean.

. Student: You can pur together a 100-piece jig-

ma

College: You can guess the outcome of a mystery
novel.

Masters: You can do Rubik's Cube in an hour.

Doctorate: You'd have whipped Gollum without 9%
hobbit trickery.

#2006 Scholar: You understand the deepest mysteries.

Possessed by rossword Pi Devotees, Zen Enthusiasts,
Game Players, Mystics

Specialties: Ancient, Riddles, Visual, Verbal

Investigation

You are red to notice all sorts of details that others
might miss. High levels of this Knowledge allow you to func-
tion as a detective. This Knowledge provides an ability to find
lysis and predict crime patterns.
. Student: Amateur detective
o College: Police officer
Masters: Private detecti
Doctorate: FBI, CIA, KGB, MIS, Interpol agents
Scholar: Sherlock Holmes

Possessed by: Detecti
ers, FBI Age

perform forensic

s, Insurance Int

gators, Report-

edge of the law are well able to use it to their advantage. If you
Hever want to get out of jal, chis Ability is essential
* Student: Practical knowledge, police officer
College: Prelaw, beginning lawyer
Masters: Lawyer, full partner
Doctorate: Judge
Scholar: Supreme Court Justice, Death Lond
Possessed by: Police, Lawyers, Judges, Detectives, Crimi-
nals, Legislators, Hierarchy Advocates
Specialties: Courts, Contract, Litigation, Criminal, Po-
lice Procedure, Hierarchy

Linguistics

It is assumed that you can speak your natural language,
but you muse purchase any other languages that you wish your
character to speak. Each level of Linguistics allows your char-
acter to speak another language fluently. Linguistics also gives
character an understanding of the structure of language, which
is in turn the basis of thought. With this Ability, you can iden-
tify accents or read lips.

. Student: One additional language
College: Two additional languages
Masters: Three additional languages
Doctorate: Four additional languages
‘Scholar: Five additional languages
Possessed by: Travelers, Scholars, Diplomats, Interpreters
Specialties: Curse Words, Technical, Diplomatic, Political

Medicine

Medicine is the study of the human body and the tech-
niques used to cure its ills. While a wraith's body is different,
an understanding of mortal health and biology can often be of,
Use in dealing with the Quick. The Medicine Knowledge in-
cludes the knowledge of the structure and functions of the bod
the use of medicine, and the diagnosis and treatment of dis-
ease,

* Student: You know the basics of setting bones or
preventing a stroke
College: You have paramedic-quality training.
Masters: You are a doctor and can diagnose and
treat diseases.
Doctorate: You can perform surgery.
Scholar: You are a specialise of great renown.
Possessed by: Paramedies, Doctors, Nurses,
Specialties: Pharmacy, Paramedics, Emergency Care, Dis-
case, Neurosurgery

The law isnot a thing to trifle with, and those with knowl-

‘You are knowledgeable in all areas of the occult. This un-
derstanding of the more sinister side of the world includes
knowledge of curses, voodoo, magic and mysticism.

. ‘Student: You've dabbled, but aren't in the know.
College: You're starring to know what's going on.
Masters: There are more than ghosts out there,
and you know a lot about the other residents of
the World of Darkness.

Doctorate: You can separate truth from fancy,
‘Scholar: You have been fully initiated in many
of the great mysteries.

Possessed by: Weirdoes, New Agers, Occultists, Scholars,
the curious

Specialties: Ghosts, Magick, Psychic Abilities
Politics

This Knowledge provides a familiarity with the political
structures of the day, including an understanding of who is in
charge and how that person got there. It represents an under-
‘standing of both human and wraith politics. This can be an.

cesential Ability when attempting to deal with mortal authori-
ties in any way.

observer
College: Campaign worker or political science
major

. Student: Protester or casu

Masters: Campaign manager or speech writer
Doctorate: Politician

* Scholar: Machiavelli

Possessed by: Lobbyists, Polit

Specialties: Neighborhood,
Oration, Radical

Science

You have at least a hasic understanding of physics, chemistry,
botany, biology, geology, astronomy and other sciences. Your
Knowledge deals with the useful applications of scien
levels almost invariably involve specializa
. Student: You can make smoke bombs wi
chemistry set.
College: You understand the major theories and
applications.
Masters: You could teach high-school science.
Doctorate: You might win a Nobel Prize someday.
Scholar: Albert Einstein
Possessed by: Engineers, Researchers, Inventors, Tech
cians, Pilots

ans, Lawyers, Protesters

ty, Congress, Elections,

Specialties: Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Astronomy, Rela-
tivity, Nuclear Physics


Other Knowledges

Psychology, Bureaucracy, Finance, Art, Philosophy, The
ater, Journalism, Military Science, Genealogy, Geography,
History, Theology, specific area of knowledge/trivia

Backerounds

To last an eternity requires an eternity of preparation. Only
cexcellenze counts; only achievement endures.
— Baltasar Gracian, The Art of Worldly Wisdom

Background Traits provide a character with special advan-
tages and reflect a wraith's social status and position in society
The player must develop reasons why her character possesse:
certain Background. Where did you meet that person? How
did you come into possession of that relie? What did you do to
gain your position with the Heretics?

A Storyteller may call for a Background to be rolled with
an Attibute, such as Charisma + Status to determine if the
Centurion obeys your orders, or Intelligence + Memoriam to

recognize that mysterious woman who visits your grave every
other Wednesday.
Backgrounds do not increase through experience points.

A wraith may gain and lose Backgrounds as the result of a
story. For example, if you lose your artifact in the Tempest, itis
lost. If people stop remembering you, your Memoriam score
decreases. Some F
chronicle; ask your Storyteller.

Allis

are wraiths who aid you but are not members of
your Circle. Allies are generally friendly with you, although

y only be your Allies because they owe you favors
Having an Ally (as opposed to having a Contact, below) means
upon that wraith for aid; you should, how-
at your Ally will sometimes ask for your help:
One does not boss one's Allies around: they are equals
and friends, and must be treated as such.

As the chronicle progresses, Allies who began as weak
characters may die or increase in power. You should rake the
time to describe your Allies carefully: they can be the source
‘of many story ideas.
. A single Ally of moderate power
‘Two Allies, both of them of moder
Three Allies, one of them quite influential
* Four Allies, one of them very influential
see Five Allies, one of them extremely influential

Artfact

Everything that is ever lost eventually ends up somewhere in
the Underworld. The Hierarchy sends scouts throughout the

1 power


MP Underworld looking for long-lost artifacts of yore; many of them
retum with fascinating treasures. Additionally, the Grand High
Antficer and his elite band of artisans have discovered means of
itmbuing powers into the very material ofthe Underworld.
‘The most common form of artifact is one that magnifies an
P) Arcanos of one or moce kinds. A few artifacts are magical simply
B inthe sense that they actually operate like they did in life without
using Pathas to fuel them: a remote control that changes a TV
channel, a garage door opener that opens garage doors, a hand-
gun that shoots bullets without needing to be reloaded.
See Artifacts in the Appendix.
© One level of Artifact
© Two levels of Arvfacrs
08 Three levels of Artifacts
Four levels of Artifucts
seeee Five levels of Artifacts

p Contacts

Even as a wraith, you know people from many walks of
life (or death); together, these disparate persons form a net-
work of information and help that may prove useful.

The player must decide where his Contacts lie: in the liv-
ing world or in the Shadowlands. This determines whether his
Contacts score applies to wraiths orto the Quick. Players who
want Contacts in both the living world and the Shadowlands
should purchase this Background twice.

Major Contacts are not only beings you can manipulate or
bribe to get information, but friends whom you trust implicitly to
provide you with accurate information (in their areas of exper-
tise). You should describe your Major Contacts as complete char-
acters, either asthe chronicle progresses or beforehand.

You also have a number of Minor Contacts spread through
the area. When you wish to get in touch with a Minor Con-

tact, make roll using your Contacts rating (difficulty 7). Each
success means you have successfully located one of your Minor
Contacts; of course, you may need to bribe or even ineimidate
hhim into giving you what is needed.

* One Major Contact

oe Two Major Contacts.

eee Three Major Contacts

ss8* Four Major Contacts

eeeee Five Major Contacts

Fidolon

Your Eidolon represents your higher self. This Background
measures how spiritual you are (note that "spiritual" does not
necessarily mean good"). Just as your Shadow tempts you
toward Oblivion, your Eidolon gives you the resolve to fight
the Shadow. Unlike your Shadow, your Eidolon does noc com-

rmunicate with you; it merely provides you with an additional
Mbit of resolve against the Shadow.

For each dot you have in the Eidolon Background, you
may add one additional die per se: to any roll to resist the
Shadow's powers, ploys or tricks, including Thoms. These dice
may also be added to Willpower rolls.

It isa good idea to use your Bidolon dice sparingly during
a session, applying the extra dice only when absolutely neces-
sary. You may choose to roll only one Eidolon die if you wish.
Eidolon dice do not accumulate over several sessions, but you
do regain your full total every game session.

* You hear vague whispers from far away.

You know that there is something guiding you.

You feel that your Eidolon has a sentiene identity
'** You have sensed the presence of your Eidolon,
You have seen your Eidolon in a dream,

Haunt

Alll wraiths create hiding places for themselves, called
Haunts. A Haunt is a secure haven unknown to the Hierar-
chy, Heretics or Renegades. Itcan be a forgotten drainage ditch,
an abandoned car, a set of catacombs beneath a cemetery, of
the basement of an old house. Wraiths viciously guard their
Haunts. Many times, entire groups of wraiths share a Haunt,
guarding it against all intruders.

‘The Haunts rating i subtracted from the area's Shroud i is
cstablished by pooling the number of dots that each of the founders,
cof the Haunt possesses (maximum 5). Members of a Circle usually
share one Haunt in common, but also know of each others pri-
vate Haunts. Haunts are places of spiritual power: working the
craft of one's power is easier there. If the wraith who "owns" a
Haunt pases into Oblivion, however, the power of the Haune will.
dic as well. The Shroud will re-establish itself around the area.

If you want both « communal and a private Haunt, you
must purchase this Background ewice. A Haunt is approxi-
mately 10 square feet for each point in this Background.

* You have a small closet, a back alley, or some
other tiny, out-of-the-way place.

You have an apartment-sized personal Haunt.
You have a large personal Haunt or several
smaller personal Haunts.

You have discovered a small but very powerful
personal Haunt that is easly hidden.

2908 You have more hiding places than a cockroach.

Mentor

Powerful wraiths sometimes choose to aid Enfants, mold-
ing them into allies for the future. These lieges, or Mentors,
have their own personal reasons fr aiding the young and weak.
Some want reliable underlings; others try to fulfill their Pas-
sions through altruism.

The Mentor Background can also reduce the experience
point cost when learning new Arcanos. Ifa character wants


10s possessed by her Mentor, the player
may roll a number of dice equal to the number of dots in Men-
tor; each success subtracts one from the number of experience
points needed to the Arcanos.
© Mentor has little power but is occasionally helpful
© Mentor has some dk
sparse, but useful.
#26 Your Mentor knows a great deal and shares much
of this with you.

c of status; her adh

A wise old Gaunt has chosen to pass on his
knowledge to you,

eee If your Mentor doesn't know it, then few if any
among the Restless do,

Memoriam

Funerals, memorials, tombstones, monuments, days of remem:
wakes, Memorial Da
n lo

flowers on a gravestone, books dedi-
nksgiving for a long-
it would seem that all these forms of
mbrance are more for the benefit of the living than the dead.
And yet, the Restless ben e

—quite literally. The emotional energy of the living, as expressed in
theirthoughts, words and deeds, i transmitted into a wraith' Lifeweb,

departed

Memoriam represents the amount of"emergency" Pathos that
a wraith can siphon per session. In dire strats, a wraith who has
already received her Pathos for the chapter can roll her Memo-
riam rating (difficulty 8). The number of successes equals the
nt of Pathos points she instantly gains. If this roll botches,
her Memori reduces by one: the dead can only steal so
much before the memories of the living diminish
Note that famous people transcend the 1 to 5 scale for

indeed departed...).

Memoriam: Elvis, for example, has a

Memoriam (if

. Only one person remembers you well

** A few close friends remember you.

. A large organi

church congre
and reveres you.

se¢ee A building or some other per
n dedicated to you

cility has b
name on a daily basis

Notoriety

Your family remembers you fondly.

public fa
people use your

Although the dead are usually neither concerned nor im-

pressed with the mass of the living,

tales of the living ocea-


sionally filter even to the Underworld. Of course, fame amor
the Restless takes a different hue than it does among the li
ing: one never knows who will be noted in death and who will
fade immediately into obscurity

Certainly, one way to attract the attention of the dead is
to cause many deaths, although creating great beauty or cau
ing great sorrow are also noteworthy among the Restle
toriety can win a wraith instant support in the Shadowlands,
Storytellers may allow a wraith to make a Notoriety roll to see
whether a complete stranger has heard of his

As with Memori aiths transcend this scale:
‘Adolf Hitler, for example, no doubt would hav
8 or 9 (and thousands of ei

Notoriety of

).

. A few local wraiths are impressed with you.

You're well known in your Necropolis.
ds.
ows something

wdowk

ized by many in the $

famous; everyone

about you.
eee Like Jim Jones, John Way
you were despised from the first day of your death.

jacy and David Koresh,

Status

‘Status represents a wraith's social standing within one or
ups of the Underworld: the Hier
To possess Status implies that

archy, Heretics and Reneg:
‘one has earned the group's respect through demonstrating loy:
alty to the ideals of the group. With be

ning characters, St
1n mean that one of these three factions has marked the

character for recruitment and will pressure him to join

It is possible to have more than one Status Background,
reflecting Status within two or more separate groups.

. Familiar: The group members are familiar with

your name and face, although you are still not

trusted with secret information or responsibility

irself to the group

** Proven: You have proved y

members, and they trust you to a certain extent,
The group's leaders haven't yet heard of you,

** Respected: Youare respected by the g

up's mem:

bers and have earned the attention of the local

roup. Still, you are not yet in the
inner circle's trust.

seee Trusted: You are trusted by the leaders of the
group and are regularly given secrets and infor-

on. Although a few group members may still

doubt your sincerity, no one is willing to voice them.

#006 Loyal: You have proved yourself loyal to the

group. The other group members trust you with:
‘out question, and the group leaders have no
qualms about revealing potentially damaging i
formation to you. From time to time, you will be
trusted with secret duties andior given special
equipment and aid.


In days of old, the Ferrymen would carry a departed soul
to the afterlife for the small sum of two coins pressed into the
corpse's eyes upon death. This is no longer the case. The cost
of dying bas gone up.

Now the Ferrymen do not honor the oboli of Stygia, the
coins that have the Mask of Charon imprinted on one side
and the High Court of Stygia on the other. There are denizens
of the Shadowlands who do, however. The Hierarchy uses
Stygian coins as the currency for its soul-economy. Souls, rel

tifacts
The ba
broken into half-oboli, quarter-oboli, and even a "drachma," which
{s just sliver of an abolus. The obolus is made of Stygian iron,
and each obolus piece will mystically merge with other obolus
slices. Therefore, two half-oboli will huddle together and eventu-
ally merge to form an obolus. Likewise, a collection of drachma
will eventually melt rogether and re-form into a contiguous coin.

There is currently no known way to debase the obolus,
although the Renegades have been looking for an Artificer
who can do so,

A wraith's Wealth Background indicates three things: how
‘many oboli she has at the beginning of the chronicle, what kind
‘of writhly resources sh ble, and how much credie wraith
n ints are willing to extend to her. Obviously, characters who
are very new should not be allowed to take this Background, a its
possession implies that a wraith has spent some time formulating
a method by which to rect gular wealth.

: You have no source of income, but own a cache
of valuables that might be cashed it
date. You start with two oboli.

ics, all have a price.

Stygian coin is called an obolus. Oboli are often

at some later

** — Youare a reasonably well-off wraith, and you get

few oboli now and then through performing
various services. You start with three oboli.

You have a small savings of oboli and a regular
clientele. You start with five oboli and receive
half an obolus per story.

You have a cache of valuables and have found a
surefire way to make oboli. Other wraiths work for
you and give you a portion of theie proceeds. You
start with six oboli and receive one obolus per stor
You have a regular source of income and several
caches of valuables. You start with seven oboli and
ree obo per story.

Corpus

‘A wraith's Corpus Trait represents the solidity of his form.
Weaiths feel pain and can be "physically" hure in the Under
world, Most wraiths' Corpuses appear similar (though not iden-
tical) to their earthly bodies. Asa wraith's Shadow grows stron-

qhe high Cost of Dying

for various Hierarchy good
20h
1Ob
1/4 Ob

MON Fe 120k

anno reli ullets) 20h

rare relic (small) 50h
80h
common 60b

ger, the appearance of the Corpus becomes more twisted. All
ths begin with 10 Corpus Levels.
The Corpus track on the Wraith ch

player record the character's injuries and their effects. Each

wound causes the loss of one Corpus Level. Check off Corpus

acter sheet lets a

Levels as the character loses them, so the last check made in.
dicates the character's current Corpus Level. As the character
regains Corpus Levels, erase the check marks.

Think of Corpus as a spectrum. At 10 Corpus Levels, the

ith is "solid" and healthy; if but one is left, the wraith is
nearly incapacitated and largely insubstantial. As a character

suffers more wounds, he travels down the spect

ally reaching 2er0 Corpus. Loss of all Corpus Levels indicates
that the wraith has discorporated completely, plunging
the Tempest (see pp.184-186)

As the wraith heals, he removes these checks one by one

until he is again at full Corpus.

There are two basic ways to lose Corpus: from combat and
other violent interactions with Underworld deni

sm interaction with the world of the living,

In combat, each success on an opponent's damage roll in-

dicates a loss of one Corpus Level. If an opponent scores two
successes, the player checks off two Corpus Levels. How and
pp. 225,

ith the real world, itis assun

‘Corpus is lost in combat is explained

When dealing sd that one

Corpus Level is lost every time the real world "violates" the
space occupied by the Corpus of the wraith. A Corpus Level
is lost whenever a living person would h
paled on or juxtaposed by a real-world obj if
a door suddenly opened while a wraith was standing in front of
it, a Corpus Level would be lost. Only one Corpus Level is
id it is assumed that the wraith becomes In-

ve been hurt, im-

For instanc

lost per event
corporeal during that turn.

Corpus is so easily regained, and so difficult to lose, that
wraiths are able to take tremendous punishment and still keep
coming back for more. They
rules that restrict humans.

re not confined by the same harsh


material objects binding a character to reality. They
are, in fact, pare of what makes a lost soul a wraith. Each Fetter
represents something, someone or someplace that was important
to the wraith in life. The shot glass at your favorite bar may be a
Ferrer, but it probably represents more than might be immedi
ately apparent; pethaps you spent much of your time drinking
there, ignoring your family life. Your favorite tennis racket may
symbolize your dream of becoming a star athlete or simply of get
ting a life outside your job. Take great care in choosing your Fet-
ters, or they can provide a wealth of information about your char-

a8 well as myriad ideas for potential plots

Ifall a wraith's Fetters are destroyed, he can no longer visit
the Shadowlands for extended periods of time. He may remain in
the Shadowlands for a maximum of (Seamina x 2) minutes.

Resolving Fetters

Because each Fetter represents something left unresolved or
‘undone in the wraith' life, it is possible to go back and set aright
unfinished business. If a wraith ean discover and come to terms
with whatever meaning a Fetter held for him in life, it will no
longer prevent him from moving beyond the Shadow

h who has resolved all her Fetters can joumey to Sty

ores without fear of being stranded there. By using
e the Tempest, she can pass back and forth betwe
ls and the rest of the Underworld with relative ease
ither due to malicious intent
or the ravages of erretum tothe Shadow
For this reason, a wraith who possesses resolved Fetters is highly
prized by agents in Stygia and the Far Realms.

t Passions and Pathos

If Lonly could, I'd make a deal with God,

And I'd get him to swap our places.

Start running down that road,

Stare renning up that hil,

Start nenning up chat building

With no problem.

— Kate Bush, "Running Up That Hill"

Wraiths are driven by emotion; for them, passion is the es-
sence of existence. Without passion, life isnothing. Even beyond
death, a wraith can focus her passions and thereby change the
world around her. A wraith's Passion Traits embody her desire to
feel as she did in life. Desire can overcome anything, even death.

As stated in Chapter Five, a player must assign 10 points
of Passions to her character. Each Passion has a rating of 1 to 5.
The emotion that underlies a passion is written in parentheses
to the left of the rating. To recharge her Pathos Pool via a

Passion, the character must usually evoke that emotion in


someone else or find someone who is experien
emotion. Sometimes. a wraith will change the environment to
evoke the desired emotion in spectators.

In any scene where a character can sympathize with the
emotions of the living, the player rolls a number of dice equal
to the number of dots in that Passion (the difficulty of this
action is usually 8). For each success, the wraith gains spiritual
power, called Pathos.

Some examples of Passions are: Love, Anger, Faith, Hope,
Envy, Lust Pride, Sorrow, Pain and Greed.

The Pathos Trait represents a wraith's attunement to the
real world. By understanding the essence of life, the wraith
gains strength, allowing her to interact with the world around
het. For wraiths, power is found in passion and purpose. Spe-
cifically, Pathos points are used to fuel wraiths' Arcanos. Pa.
thos can also be used to heal injuries (see Healing on pg. 198).

Pathos is fleeting, however. The capricious whims of pas-
sion can lift a wraith to an epiphany of bliss when she least
expects it. It can also abandon her in her time of need. A wraith
often draws upon her Pathos, and as a result, the level of a
characters Pathos can change significantly during an adven
ture. The maximum Pathos rating is 10.

Drawing Pathos from pure emotion can be difficult. Feel-
ings are sometimes unfocused, and sympathy is not always com
plete. However, a wraith can become even stronger when pas-
sion is directed toward a purpose. For instance, a wraith may

be driven by love, but her power will be greater if er reason to
g0 on depends on saving her lover from danger.
Examples of purposes are:
Anger:

Fight injustice
‘Avenge your death

Punish a type of criminal
Overthrow a corrupt leader
Fight the criminal syndicate that destroyed you
Find a new owner for a cherished item
Protect your daughter

Express unrequited love

Help your true love find someo

Greed: Possess a particular valuable item.
Serve the Hierarchy for payment
Protect the family fortune

Lust: Experience gratification you never knew in life

Live vicariously through your ex-lover
Become a martyr for a cause you know is right
Foster belief in a higher power

Help your family to keep their faith

Hope: Protect the oppressed
Protect a homeless shelter
Prevent suicide

Sorrow: Make your Haunt a place of remorse

Give grief to your enemy

In any scene where a wraith works toward fulfilling a pur-
pose, the Storyteller will request the player to roll against the
Passion. If, in a scene, the purpose is specifically addressed,
the difficulty is 6. For instance, if a wraith has the purpose
"Protect my love," she will gain Pathos by defending him when
he is attacked. The purpase does not have to be completed
the character need only work toward it. When a wraith strives
to fulfill her desire, she bolsters her reason for existence.

Ic is also possible to gain Pathos by addressing a purpose
in a general sense. For instance, a wraith may be driven by the
Passion "Avenge my death (Vengeance)." Ifthe character spe
cifically played through a scene wherein she came closer to
finding her killer, che difficulty, as stated above, would be 6.
On the other hand, ifthe wraith acted asa vigilante, protected
the innocent or persecuted a serial killer, the wraith would be
fulfilling the purpose in a general sense, not a specific one.
The task is similar to the specific purpose (avenging the
character's death), under similar circumstances, yet still draws
upon the Passion that underlies it (vengeance). Addressing a
purpose in a general sense instead of a specific one raises the

difficulty t0 7.
As stated before, if the character is attempting to draw
upon undirected emotion — that is, the Passion that under

lies a wraith's purpose — the difficulty is an 8, Some wraiths
can also force emotions on others through specific powers, such
as vin the Arcanos: Keening. A wraith may feed on these feel-
ings, but the difficulty is 9. Finally, if an emotion is feigned or
insincere, the emotion is nor strong enough to give the wraith
power. A Passion roll is thus impossible.

In any Passion roll, if the scene involves a wraith's Fetter
or Haunt, the difficulty of the roll is reduced by one.

Obviously, this is subjective. The wraith will not always
be able to work specifically toward her purpose. Afterall, al-
though she can fight to maintain her ties to her former life,
she has other concerns: the stability of her Circle, polities in
her Necropolis, and so on. In addition, purposes are sometimes
completed. Ifa wraith seeks to protect her mortal lover, and
he dies, she will no longer be able to fulfill that specific pur-
pose. She must, in that case, either seek situations similar to @
the ones that sustained her of live on pure passion. Purposes,
however, can change subtly throughout a wraith's existence,
Even when a purpose is gone, the passion that underlies it will
always remain. True passion never dics.

The Price of Passion
Living a passionate life does have its drawbacks. Ifa wraith
‘cannot find fulfillment, she will find frustration and pain in-

stead. If a character botches a Passion roll, she gains one point
of Angse


Is promised to the studious artisan!
(Cluistopher Marlowe, Doctor Fastus
{| AnArcanosisaspiritual art, one that has
tobe taught or leamed. Using Arcanos, wraiths
may perform a variety of supematural actions. Because wraiths are
beings of spit, it isa imple matter for them to manipulate the things
(of the spiric word. Furthermore, over the years, many wraiths have
Q developed their arts to grant them power over the human mind, emo-
tions, and the spirit of death itll. Some wraiths may even touch the
living world with their arts, although this can prove quit difficue

All Arcanos vary subtly among wraiths, depending on how
they view themselves and their art. Because of this, each wraith
may havea slightly different interpretation of an Arcanos. In fact,
‘many wraiths have discovered new aspects of their Arcanos, new
nifest their spiritual energies. Such experimentation
e dangerous, but can prove extremely fruitful

The Storyteller may allow players to invent new uses for an
Arcanos. The Storyteller should examine a players proposed use
ofan Arcanosand compare it with the other ars of that Arcanos.
If the Storyteller deems that the use is appropriate and that the
character has the requited level of ability in the Arcanos, the player
may bring the new art into pla

If the character had time to research and study this new use
of an Arcanos, then the Storyteller should assign a difficulty and
an amount of energy appropriate to its level. Conversely, ifthe
new use wascreated "on the fly" the Storyteller may assign a higher
difficulty and cost. Keep in mind as well that the arts listed here
have been tested over time — who knows what side effects or
‘other dangers could be discovered through experimentation?

Each Arcanos is divided into several arts of increasing erudi-
tion, which become available to the wraith upon leaning the
secrets of that Arcanos. As the wraith delves further into the
mysteries ofthe Arcanos, he begins to learn greater arts related to
the Arcanos. Knowledge of the lesser arts still remains, though
some of the greater arts render the lesser ones obsolete.

A wraith studying a given Arcanos must first learn some of
the hasics associated with that Arcanos. Each Arcanos has one ot
more basic abilities associated with it, which the wraith may use
when the Arcanos is fist bought

The Body of Truth

Part prac part spiritual path, an Arcanos is as
much a way of thinking as it is a tool or art. As its name im-
F plies, an Arcanos isa collection of secrets, mysteries and enig-

with some inner quality of the self

In game terms, hiss represented by the fat that a player must
pair an Ammibute with an Arcanos in order to make an Arcanos rll
‘The effectof the pairing sdetermined by what Atwibuteand Arcanos
ae used, plus afew other considerations, such as whether a Feter i
present, whether the wrath i enacting the Arcanos inside a Haunt,
and what fuels the art (either Pathos or some other power).

qhe Seed of Power

‘Wraiths must harness their Pathos in order to affect both
the living world and the Shadowlands around them.

‘System: Pathos is gained from a number of sources. See
Pathos, pg- 136-137.

qhe chains of life

Because Fetters are essentially metaphysical chains bind-
ing a wraith to her past life itis easier to affect the living and
the living world within the boundary of a Fetter' influence.
System: If applicable, the rating ofa Fetter can reduce the
difficulty for an Arcanos. The Fetter must be used as pare of the
crafting of the art. Rol the rating ofthe Fetter versus a difficulty
of 6 for each success, the difficulty of an Arcanos is reduced by
cone forthe duration of one scene. (Storytellers who like "cunchier"
rules will alter the difficulty of the Feter roll by 1 or 2 de
con how well the Fetter is integrated into the crafting.) The
culty of an Arcanos roll cannot be lowered to less than 4,

The Shroud of Death

The power of the living to deny the power of death is
great. This protective barrier is called the Shroud, and it in-
hibits wraiths from affecting the living world. The Shroud is
often weaker around Haunts. Haunts are places affiliated with
death, and they often act asa "universal Fetter" forall wraiths:

System: The Shroud is everywhere. For wraiths, the
Shroud is usually rated at 9. Sometimes — at night, in certain
cities, or on special holidays — the Shroud drops to 8 or 7.
The Shroud is often lower within a Haunt. A Haunt will re
duce the difficulties of all Arcanos performed within it by 1
per level of the Haunt. Note: the rating of the Shroud can
never fall below 4.

The Mark of Power

In order to learn an Arcanos, a wraith must internalize the
secretsand mysteries that make up the body of the Arcanos teach
ings. These secrets mark her in many different ways — ways that
are recognizable to other wraiths. Certain wraiths even gain
ddeathmarks (see Chapter Two) asa result oftheir studies.


appropriate
ific Arcanos

The effect ofa Haunt and a Fetter can be cumulative, but
even then, the difficulty for an Arcanos roll cannot be less
than 4. In addition, the Automatic Success rule (see pg- 93-
94) does not apply to Arcanos.

Wn medieval times, wraiths organized into
;canos to which they J
the

ains, ifonly in the sense
that wraiths why ccanos often share the same

qualities, ethics. Ifyou show your 6

self to know Argos, people will pr Il you a Harbinger —
whether or not you choose to acknowledge that tele is upto y

A few guilds were never sanctioned by the Hierarchy. These
were the Haunters' Guild, the Proctor
teers' Guild. The Chanteurs, Masquers, Oracle
Sandmen, while never quite respected by the H

+ erated. The A onitors, ‘and Pardoners were firmly. §

controlled and sanctioned by the Hierarchy.


© you trust me?" I asked her. I held out my i iti
Wo "Devereux cae, Basi Abilities
ness?" She nodded slowly, and took my hand. ‘Tempestpeck: This art allows the wraith to peer into the

Argos is the knowledge of the secret Tempest and see if anyone (or anything) lies in wait there.
A) pathways through the Tempest and how to She may see and be seen by beings nearby in the Tempest, and

traverse them. It also allows a wraith to may communicate with them as well
"swim" in the Tempest's dark fluid. System: In order to peek successfull

This Arcanosis used to travel through the Tempest quickly _ wraith must roll Perception + Argos (difficulty 6). ‘The num-
and efficiently. Argos enables wraiths to travel into, out of, ber of successes indicates the clarity of the wraith's vision. A
and through the Tempest and ro find Byways allowing rela botch causes the wraith's mind to play tricks on her: she sees
tively safe travel to other realms within the Underworld. something in the Tempest that isn't real.

Storyteller Notes: Argos governs movement in the ‘Tempest Threshold: In onder to enter or leave the Tem-
‘Tempest. A wraith with no Argos Arcanos will float aim- Pest, a wraith must usually find a Nihil large enough to.
lessly and can only spend one Pathos point to change pass through. Use of this art allows a wraith to open a
his direction. Floating about in such a manner is quite doorway into the Tempest and enter it. The doorway,

crous: Spectres (especially Shades; see the Ap- usually small and circular in shape, closes up immedi
pendix) are constantly on the alert fora lone wraith ately after he passes through.
who has floated into their area. Withour knowl- System: The player must roll St
c of Argos, it is nearly impossible to find a (difficulty 7) to open a threshold.

though it is possible to follow som Orientecring: The Tempest isan ali
nto one), informa- dangerous environment where distance and
tion on the Tempest, see The Tempest in time have little bearing. This art allows a
Chapter Two. wraith to determine his location in the Tem-
pest and to find his destination. Orienteering
allows a wraith to travel to his chosen destina-
tion along the quickest and easiest path (usually
Byway), avoiding as many obstacles as possible.
Travel through the Tempest using Orienteering

y into the Tempest, a

ngth + Argos

Feel free roallow one character to "carry"
the rest of the group along with her; as long as
f) others do not resist the power, they can be swept
along just by holding hands with the Argos
You may, however, wish to increase the difficulty of
actions in this «:

tempted only by the most foolhardy. However,
Orienteering is excellent for finding one's way out of the
‘Tempest should one be stranded there by some .
System: The player must roll Perception + Argos (dif
before the sunrises. Many former guild membersstllwork forthe culty 8). Because time and distance are ncbulous in the Tem.
Hie ma eee plot, aaa ; ceil a pest, the number of successes gained indicates the length of
Shadowlands and back. Even though the guild is defunct, it is vel time.
‘considered bad manners and bad luck to hinder a Harbinger in his 1-3 successes ‘Standard travel time
duty. 4 successes Half standard travel time
In the past, Harbingers were honor-bound to rescue wraiths: 5 successes ‘One-quarter standard travel time
caught in the Tempest: recently, how Spectres have be- Failure indicates that the wraith has gone in the wrong
mimicking lost wraiths in order to lure Harbingers into direction and may become lost. If the Storyteller chooses, this
traps, and so this custom has been, for the most parr, suspended. could become an adventure. If the player botches, the wraith
‘The typical Harbinger is very quiet, controlled and calm and _ is heading into certain danger: a nest of Spectres,
moves swiftly wherever she goes. One can identify a Harbinger by of some other hazard,
looking into her eyes: because of the amount of time spent in the ‘Track: This ability allow:
Tempest,

ingly stricken with a kind of wanderlust, Harbi
gers tend tomake nightly excursions to far-off pl:

Maelstrom

raith to track another wraith
arbinger's eyes become jet-black over time. who has gone into the Tempest. In order to have any chance


of success, the target wraith must be followed i
ately after disappearing into the Tempest.

System: The tracker must roll Perception + Argos (diffi-
culty 6). This difficulty increases by one for every turn elapsed
between the entry of the quarry and the pur
the quarry is aware of his pursuer, he may attempt to evade her
by making a Dexterity + Argos roll (difficulty 6). Each success
scored subtracts one from the pursuers successes.

"Fashroud

Because those with Argos must avoid the hazards of the
Tempest, they first learn how to move through it unseen. This
artallows the wraith to wrap herself in dark shadows and thus
move invisibly through both Tempest and Shadowlands. When
first evoked, this art causes the wraith to vanish suddenly from
View. The wraith is thereafter cloaked in shadows.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Argos (difficulty 7).
The number of successes equals the number of turns the char
acter can remain Enshrouded. The character can atte
other use of the

pt

3000 as she feels her first evocation
ing, although this costs more Pathos and renders the wraith
momentarily visible. The character can use no other Ar
‘except Argos arts while maintaining Enshroud; otherw
cect is broken,

™ Phantom Wings

This are allows a wraith to fly in both the Tempest and
nd is not very
but it allows

the Shadowlands. This flight res lids
fast (about as fast as a normal hut mn run
the wraith to gain access to otherwise hard
Wraiths may also use this art to hover.

Syst
6). The ability to fly lasts one turn per success
Storyteller may require Dexterity + Argos rolls to avoid col
sions and to stay aloft in certain turbulent areas (i.c., above a
Nihil, or in certain areas of the Tempest). Note that a charac-
termustbe Incorporeal in order to fly while in the Shadowlands
(see Corpus States, pg 197-198).

w Dicker

The wraith uses the temporal and spatial distortions of the
‘Tempest to her advantage when employing this art. This allows
her to move short distances very quickly. Generally these mini-
jumps must be within line-of-sight. This art may also be used to
surprise an opponent by flickering out and appearing behind him.

System: The player must roll Dexterity + Argos (diffi
culty 6) when attempting to use this art. If successful, travel
time is reduced by one turn per success gained. For example, if
Mary was trying to run down the block, and the Storyteller
decided that it would take five tums for her to do so, she could

The player must roll St


Y roll three successes using Flicker and thus reduce the "travel
rime" to two turns rather than five.

If the desired destination is out of sight, but within a city
block, Flicker may still be attempted, but at difficulty 8, and
failure is considered equivalent to a botch (see below).

A botch obtained while attempting Flicker indicates th
the character has become stuck in the Tempest and may nor
this art to emerge. Note that when this artis used, the chag

exit the Tempest; entry is considered to be automatic.
Each use of Flicker costs 1 Pathos.

"Jump
This at allows the user to travel to any
‘more quickly than she could in the Shadowlag6
of distance may be covered when using thi
nation must be one of the wraith's Fette
Iki rumored chat some extremely

System: The player must roll

8). As stared above, each level of ched
duces the difficulty by one. Eacly ace

Flicker, the character need
teror leave the Tempest

Te costs 3 Pathos to use thi

A failure when attempting
the character has become lost in d

become stuck in the Tempest and may
not use this ar to emerge: he will instead have to open a thresh-
cold (as in Tempest Threshold, above).

5, for this art grants its possessors great power over
yaiths. By simply focusing her will on another wraith, a

pis art may banish another wraith to the Tempest.
tively this art may be used to hold someone, pre-
from escaping into either the Tempest or the

use either function of this at requires rol of
In both cases, the difficulry equals the targets
may also make an opposed roll using

ished to the Tempest may utilize any
however, if he does not possess
che usual effects of being lost in the

).
hold another character in either
the number of successes gnined
ate which the targer is trapped.

need only maintain a mini-
pipay cake other actions, though

(6h) suffer a penalty.

is art.


rH = hhink of the power of the Shadow: dark, all-

knowing, perverse. It is the ultimate enemy.
You must steel yourself against its les! Listen
to me! You must see the eruth. Listen to my
words.

Castigate is one of the few tools that
wraiths have against the Shadow and its
growing power. Those who learn it also
Shadow to become active, as well as what drains the Shadow
of its malevolent power.

arn what causes the

ach Pardoner must learn his own way of C
tion: physical punishment, ritual pu
insults, taunts, quiet embraces, gentle words, drum
ming, exertion and sensory deprivation have all been
wed to draw out the Shadow and drain its power.
The most common way of Castigating the
Shadow is by gaining knowledge of the
of the Shadow being Castigated and specif
cally targeting it through a kind of dialogu
This dialogue has come to be known
Devil' Dialectic

Storyteller Notes: Castiga
some small degree of control

tiga
fication, sermons,

st Shadows, both,
her own and those of others. Italso gives the wraith
‘agreat deal of insight into the Shadow. The Story-
teller should make sure that players do not abuse this
power. All dealings with the Shadow should be dan-
serous; even when the character has some degree of con
ol, there should be

modicum of uncertainty.

Patdoners — Castigte

The Pardoners' Guild was the closest thing to a religious
"organization that Stygia ever had. Because getting rid of one's
Angst was so important to the Stygian Empire, there used to
be branches of the guild in every colony. Charon himself is
rumored to have had his own personal Pardoner, whom he re:

tained long after the guild was disbanded.

Even today, when the guild has been disbanded, no Hier-
archy Centurion will arrest a Pardoner for hat

ging out his iron
lantern, marking that he is "in business." Sooner ot later, ev-

eryone needs a Pardoner.

Because of the nature of their work, older Pardoners have
analmost religious or spiritual mindset when speaking of Cas-
tigation, whilk ally former psychologists)

speak of th I terms,

Castigate

‘One can tell a Pardoner by the black stains on his fingers,
which arise from touching or otherwise interacting with oth
ers' Shadows.

Basic Abilities

Soulsight: By looking carefully
may peer deeply into his soul and see the
allows the user to measure the power ofthat wraith's Shadow,
and to see how close the Shadow is to consuming him,
The user may only look at another's Shadow in this way,
not her own,

larkness. This

This art may also be used to sense the presence
of Spectres, especially Doppelgangers (see the Ap-
pendix), because the Shadow is so strong within
them.
System: By rolling Perception + Castigate
(difficulty 8), the user may determine the
strength of another w dow. The
Storyteller will describe the strength of the
Shadow as weak, nominal, fairly strony
ent depending upon the
characters current Angst score. Additional suc-
cesses may give the user further insights into the
nature of the character's Shadow

strong or em

A failure means that the user cannot sce the
Shadow (perhaps her own Shadow clouds her eyes).
A botch indicates a radically wrong reading.

Bulwark: The wraith can briefly protect herself and
others from the ravaging effects of a Maelstrom. It is as if
she throws up a shield against the onslaught of the storm,
causing the Maelstrom and its Spectres to roar past unheed-
ing

System: To erect a Bulwark, the player must roll Stamina g
+ Castigate (difficulty of the Maelstorm's rating + 3). The cha
‘acter must spend 1 Pathos for each level of the Maelstrom she
is resisting, though she may extend this protection to anyone
she touches.

* Coax

Those with this art have more control over their own
Shadows than most wraiths. They are able to draw on the power
of their Shadows with considerably less risk.


System: By rolling Charisma + Castigate (difficulty 6), a
wraith may modify the number of Shadow Dice (see pg.183)
that he chooses to use for any given task. Normally the
Shadowguide offers the player

fixed number of extra dice.
Every two successes gained with Coax allows the player to add
or subtract one die.

Though it does not cost anything to use this power,
Angst point is gained each time itis used.

" Dark Secrets

By examining another

th's Shadow, the Castigator may
learn the wraith's dark secrets. This is not always easy, for the
Shadow may feed the

or false information. Only the

most discernin
the Shadow;

le to glean much truth from

adow, the easier itis

System: By carefully examining the Shadow within an:
other wraith and rolling Perception + Cast
culty equal to the targer's Willpower, the
secrets about that character. The player of that character (or
the Storyteller) must answer o
Half-truths and cryptic response:
master of deceit). The target chi
Shadow make an oppose

wuestion pet
allowed (th
acter may elect to have his
roll

Each use of this art costs 1 Pathos.

™ Purify

Through force of will, the Cast

tor may slowly and care
fully break the power of another wraith's Shadow. This is done

the Shadow in a manner chosen by the Ci
astigator has his own methods by which he purges
the Shadow from another. These methods range from sermon:

manent Angst score). (The Storyteller is aware of the subje
permanent Angst score.) The subject
Willpower point to aid the Cs The number of suc:
cesses rolled indicates the amount of temporary Angst the sub-
ject loses. The subject suffers one Corpus Level
each point thus removed. The C:

porary point of Angst for each

Casting Out

By exerting her will, the yy cast out and forbid
of any Spec Ifshe is in
a structure, it immediately becomes protected from Spectres.
This art drives out all Spectres currently manifested in the area,
as well as Spectres in hiding, For some reason, this art has no
effect on Doppelgangers.

ay assist by spending a

for
tigator will receive a tem:
he rolls.

the presen


2 The player rolls Chari
1). The number of successes i

na + Castigate (difficulty
res the number of turns the

Spectre is already present, a roll must first be
inst its Angst rating in order to banish it. The Spec-
twe may resist with an Angst roll

wm Defiance

The wraith who possesses this Arcanos is able tojftand
‘against her own Shadow, defying its power over hergWhen:
ever the Shadow attempts to take control, the wraith may at
tempt to suppress it. She may also attempe to do the same to
another's Shadow.

System: When a character's Shadow attempts to take over
, the player may attempt to defy the Shadow by }
astigate. The difficulty equals the
t. Each success reduces the character's
shadow may not make a resisted roll. If
this artis used to defy another wraith's Shadow, the difficuley
eqUals the subject's current Angst + 3.
A fail \ter's temporary Angst. A
borch{causes the character to add one permanent Angst

‘Angst by one, and the

¢ adds one to the cha


here...there it is again. Do you feel it? A
}}| pinprick, nothing more. But a real touch, a

AG) real feeling. Exquisite isn'e it?

Embody is the power to manifest in

j| the physical world. This is forbidden

terfering with the living world. Still,
wraiths have been using this Arcanos for millennia,

Storyteller Notes: Going from the Shadowlands to the
living world is like going from a numb, cold wasteland to a
w climate. The changes are superficial, but in-
credibly exquisite.

Wraiths lear Embody by exposing their fragile forms
to intense sensory input and focusing on that input
After a while, however, this input is not needed. Ex-
amples of such sensory input are: looking at oneself
ina mirror; focusing on something cold, hot, sharp,
or hard; of listening to a very soft or very loud
woice.

While:

lows him to

tt t physically, he
is far more susceptible to harm. Any damage
done to him is applied as though he were a
mortal. (Note that a Materialized character will
suffer Dice Pool penalties for his wounds. See
Health on pg.200.)
For example, while roaming the Shadowlands,
) a wraith named Jason encounters a vampire
re of his presence. The vampire pulls out a pistol
ind fires in Jason's general direction. With a lucky shot,
he hits Jason. Because Jason is immaterial, he only suffers
‘one Corpus Level of damage, even though the bullet passed
right through his chest (the vampire scored five successes)
However, if Jason had been Embodied, he would have suffered
number of Corpus Levels equal to the number of Health Lev-
I els the shot would have inflicted on a moreal
The difficulties of all Embody rolls equal the local Shroud
rating. Embody has very little use in the Tempest.

Proctors — Enbody

The Proctors' Guild was never a part of the Hierarchy,
although the Hierarchy often used it before it was officially
disbanded. The Proctors operated in the living world, perform-
ing the complex actions that could not be accomplished with
Outrage (although many knew that Arcanos as well). Although
JY forbidden by Charon's Code to interact with mortal, they fre-
N quently ignored the Code and did what they pleased. For a

time, Centurions were appointed to hunt down Proctors and
enthrall chem. Now, the Hierarchy has bigger fish to fry, al-
though a particularly blatant transgression will still raise the
Hierarchy's ire.

‘One can tell a Proctor by the strange patches of light and
dark on his body, marks of oo many passings through the Shroud.

Attunement

Afrer successfully manifesting in a particular fashion to
4 person, the wraith can invest Willpower to create an
attunement to that person. Each time the wraith success-
fully appears, she may invest one point of Willpower.
‘This represents a process of identifying with the Con-

(QV sort. The closer a wraith was to an individual during
life, the easier itis to become attuned to that per-
son. Attuning t0 a stranger costs five points of
Willpower. Atcuning to a close friend may only

take ewo or three points. Once the attunement

is established, all difficulties when Emboxy-

S) ing to that person (and that person alone)

are reduced by three. Additionally, chere is

1no Pathos cost when using Embody to apps
to that person

"The side effect of this is that only the atcuned

person can see and sense the wraith — other mor-

tals may think thatthe subject is crazy. Conversely, a
single person who believes in the wraith can foster
others' belief, facilitating attunement to those people.

Basic Abilities

Ghostly Touch: The wraith may extend just a whisper
‘of a touch to the material world, about as strong as a finger
descending on a keyboard. The wraith must focus all of her
attention in order to make even the lightest touch.

System: The character must roll Strength + Emboy (df=
ficulty of the local Shroud) in order to use this art.

Maintain the Material Form: Though this art gives the
wraith no new abilities, it allows the wraith to maintain an
Embodied form for a longer duration.

System: The player must roll Stamina + Embody (diffi
culty 7). Each success may be added to the number of suc-
cesses already gained for the Embody power being used.

This art costs one point of Pathos to use and one point of
Pathos per success gained. Ifthe player botches, not only does
the roll fail, but the Embodied form instantly dissipates.


"Whispers

The wraith may make her voice heard in the living world.
The wraith's voice is no louder than a whisper. (It is not nec-
sary to use this Arcanos to speak to supernatural or magical
creatures, only beings affected by the Shroud.)

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Embody. The
difficulty equals the local Shroud. One short sentence may be
spoken per success gained. A botch means that the wraith has
lost her voice in the Shadowlands for a scene: it got stuck in
the Shroud when she projected it there.

This art costs 1 Pathos to use

"Phantom

This art allows the wraith to n
translucent figure. He appears to hover just inches off the
ground and has only barely discernible features

Mortals who see the wraith will become intensely afraid
and act accordingly. The moment the wraith vanishes,
tal will begin to doubt what they saw, and will soon rational-
ite away the fact that they saw anything at all. (See The Fog,
pg.205)

Systems The player must roll Charisma + Embody (diff
culty equal to the local Shroud). The number of succe:
dicates the number of turns during which the cl
remain manifested. A borch means that the character imme-
and vanishes into the Tempest.

nifest as an intangible,

The character may also try to scare any mortals who per-
ceive him by rolling Manipulation + Embody (difficulty equal
to the targer's Willpower). This roll may be modified if the
character has used Moliate or some other Arcanos to modify
his appearance.

This art costs 1 Pathos to use.

Statue

This art allows the wraith to become solid for a period of
time. When

ing in this form, the wraith appears as
calized version of himself. He cannot move, speak or simu:
g; he may be touched, but his flesh will feel cold
and hard, like smooth marble.
atue is often used to hide in a crowded area (wraith or
Spectre pursuers in the Shadowlands often overlook a Statued
wraith — for example, if they're looking fo they
may miss the "mortal" sitting quietly by the fireplace).
System: The player must roll Scamina + Embody. The
difficulty equals the local Shroud. Each success on the roll in-
dicates how many times the character can be touched, or how
many scenes he can remain manifested, whichever comes fist.
‘failed roll results in one temporary point of Angst as the


character's separation from the physical world grows stronger.
A botch indicates that the character becomes Phantom for a
few seconds, then fades away. All damage suffered is caleu-
lated as if the wraith were mortal (see Storyteller Notes, above).

‘This are costs 1 Pathos to use.

lfe-in-Death

When this art is employed, the wraith appears as.
what abstract form of her mortal self. Her appearance,
‘on her (now somewhat spotty) memory of her past lj
‘The wraith's Psyche tends to idealize its former form 46,
using this form will usually appear more beautiful
in real life. When she materializes, it is as a dark-
person (black skin has a grayish tinge; whit
deathly white) — very similar to a Blood Dg

‘Superficial examination will not detef
Someone who knew the wraith in life

B altered appearance. People may notice

JY are cold and that she seems to be dreay
is because the wraith must exert cg
maintain this form.

‘System: The player must 19

bet of successes indicates the
may remain manifested. Thi
currently wears a humanliky

into something monstrous,
chooses, the character may st

for Appearance while in this fo
acter takes damage as if she we
above).

A botch causes the character to appear briefly asa Phan-
tom and then vanish, bestowing one point of Angst.
This art costs 2 Pathos.

Se Materialie

Through the use of this art the wraith can assume a nearly
state. Everything about him appears human: he can
his flesh is warm, and he will bleed ifcut. Many wraiths

helmed by sensation the first rime they assume this
ially if they have been dead for a long time.
in this form the wraith can do anything he could
fe vas sll alive — the only drawback being that
|, s it takes an incredible amount of eoncentra-
to maintain this form,
player must roll Manipulation + Embody to

for as long as it rakes to draw

th he may speak, of move, or kiss,
in this form a the character is,

a mortal (sce Storyteller Notes,

+o fall immediately into the

Pathos points and 1 Will-


his isthe Two of Skul, sign
Reversed, it suggests a choice y is more or less impos
which you now regret. Crossing i isthe Five in the "overall scheme of things." In game terms, this art al-
of Bones, symbolizing manipulation through lows character to discern the Storyteller characters and other
rebellious power. Perhaps you've being influ- players' characters in a partic
‘enced by the Renegades, no? Your secrets safe .
with me. Ah! The Monument. Very interest * fatal Vision
ing — everything disintegrates around you as the Monomen fll.

Wraiths use this Arcanos to sense and read the mark of
fate on a soul. Of course, because all wraiths have yet to
meet their end, their fate is not yer decided. Still, a wraith

a + Fatalism (difficulty 6),

The wraith
borne by wraiths
thing of how th

tnay use Fatalism to peer into another weaith's past or prpeer on crete arty belo

look forward into the (possible) future. rate onl one whe
Contrary to popular belief, Faralism actually agree aie WJ ache ane

works fairly wel i idowlands. Sretenm: (The playet ines ts | Perenretee)

talism (difficulty equal to the subject's Willpower),

lism can If this ability is used prior toa use of Intexpreta

Storyteller Notes: The arts of
in many ways be among the most powerful of

the Arcanos. Great care must be taken to en:

tion (sce below), each success adds one die
when using chat art. Fatal Vision also ind
‘eates whether the target has been subject

to Fatalism in the past.
A botch indicates that the character

‘can be a dangerous thing to trifle with, and
the wraith who overuses this art may find
herself permanently entwined in the strands
of fate

Oracles — Fatalism

thas misread the subject's deathmarks,

™ Danger Sense

Atthis point the wraith has become so attuned
to the webs of fate that he can sense faint vibr
g the strands, thereby gleaning w:

ing with bands of ions Q

ooks, because they
find i safer with others around. They don't advertise
their profession: rather, they wait for others to come to
them. They do not give advice to people who do not ask

The Oracles' Guild was at one time univ
by the Hierarchy because the Grand High Oracl

gs of m=

t the character is in
storyteller may roll the character's Perc:

ty 6). This difficulty may b
Each success in-

told Charon that he was fated to be destroyed in the Tempest. of loeewarnley, che character recelves
Since Charon vanished, however, the Hierarchy has stopped &°?«tally one turn per success

its persecution of the Oracles. Many years ago, it is said, the

Onacles served the Lady of Fate directly. " Interpretation
One can tll an Oracle by her gaudy dress and tendency Thyough various
wwinscrbe symbols of Fate on her forehead and arms 1 Ching, astrology

ans of divination (relics, Tarot cards, the
ystal pendulums), the

ar eta person' fate or discover something about his past. This a
Base Abilities fy cape altar iu wetrar ponte anki poe

doing so is consid ly attempted

in inter

ist

more difficult and is ge
only by a master or in the mos die circumstance:

System: The player must roll Manipulation + F
(difficulty equal to the subject's Willpower). Both the Fatalist
and the subject may spend Willpower on the roll. For each,
success gained, the character may ask one short question about

Kismet: This art allows a wraith to perceive the role of
fate with regard to a specific situation or person. People with

1 destinies oF those for whom fa alism

has special role seem
slightly brighter than people who are playing lesser
ey are easier to pick out in a crowd.


manner. Attempting Interpretation without the use of any
divinatory tools increases the difficulty by two.
This art costs 2 Pathos

wm Lachesis' Measure

A wraith who has mastered this art can sense how the
fate-twines of the wraiths around her interact and interv
where they should be going, and where they are going now
This panoramic vista gives the wraith an objective view of her

situation, pethaps providing new insight into it.

System: The player using this art must roll Perception +
Fatalism (difficulty 6). The number of successes indicates the
amount of information the Storyteller will bestow. The Story-
teller can use this ar to impart information that the ch:
has somehow missed or provide guidance concerning her fu-

ture course of action.
Use of this art costs 2 Pathos.

oak

A wraith with this level of Faralism has begun to learn to
manipulate fate itself, but only ina minor fashion. Fate seems

to smile upon the character, and everything she does seems
much more auspicio

System: At the beginning of each story, the character may
roll Wits + Fatal ficulty 6). The number of successes
equals the number of "I's" (potential botches) thar the player
may ignore for the duration of the story. This does not, how-
ever, apply to Harrowings (see pr. 184-191). This art may
only be used once per story.

Ie costs 1 Willpower point to activate this art.


tring my fe, I never cared for people. Machines successes, the wraith can sense whether a machine has been
R) were my passion. Gears and circuits and later Inhabited in the near past
microprocessors: these were my treasures, my
favorite works of art. Now I know what i's like * Surge
to fly through the wires, to feel my tires buming
down the road, to stand frm asthe wind lashes cof this art the wraith can create a temporary short
iy rick ides. in electronic circuits, thus temporarily cutting power toan elec
tronic device. The wraith actually passes his hand briefly into
the machine, thus disrupting the flow of electrons. This may
permanently damage certain electronic devices, such as com
puters, especially if they are not equipped with surge pro-
tectors.

Thisart allows the wraith to inhabit an object, extending
his Corpus to suffuse every atom of the object. In time, the
wraith may become attuned co an object and be able to
animate it. If the wraith claims an object that is subse
quently destroyed, it immediately becomes a relic. J
FA ath lit his Areas waar tase totes Shh System: The player must roll Wits + Inhabit (dif
Mer iat iver nc ceksdgs by lable ces tan ficulty of the local Shroud). The number of successes
NeieThs with Areacoe, eal pending Chega nc equals the number of things that may be affected at
Willpower to fix the powers in place, although this ones
can take alot of time to accomplish.
Storyteller Notes: All difficulties in this
section are based upon the local Shroud rat-
ing unless otherwise noted.

Byslippi ind possessing elec-

trons, a wraith may move at near-light speed
wae across international communications net-
Arilicers — inhabit works and computer satellites. Within the

Electron Highway, thing appears as tun-
nels, barriers and gateways of light. Of cours, the
wraith must overcome these barriers, filters, gate-
ways and other boundaries before he ean slip into
the world's computer systems. 4

The Antficers' Guild used co be one of the
richest guilds in Stygia: chs is because its mem

bers were paid to forge Stygian weapons, make rel-
ics, and create Stygian artifacts. Nhudri
High Artificer, was the first member of this guild. Since A .
RSE ihe wills, che Aricecr Arconct han bo- System: The player rolls Intelligence + Inhabit (dif-
sun to be restricted in the Shadowlands. It is illegal to. cter ison the
IRE csi ican roar Now Andicaaacs kakeiccn Electron Highway, he must roll Intelligence + Computer in
srk and mechani, nthe grand dsgnersthey once Wo find his way around, This maybe an extend
ay ion depending on how far the character desires travel

‘One can identify an Artficer by the reddish heat marks posers Ee oa beheey feed spenpelen ny
a bis body (ron werklng with soufve), access information on a high-security computer system. Once

a iii Nene difficulties are set by the

The wraith may also communicate with anyone who is

Sense Gremlin: A "gremlin" is a slang term used to de- online, or with other wr ng a computer, by roll-
scribe wraiths that inhabit machines. By carefully examining ing Manipulation + Computer. The difficulty is based on how
an objector machine, a wraith may determine if i is currently the receiving parties are: 4 if they are on a local net,
inhabited by a wraith, 6 if they're on a node across the country, of 8 if they're across

Systema The player must roll Perception + Inhabit (diffi. the ocean. Communication may be maintained indefinitely
culty 6). Only one success is needed to determine whether or nd is unaffected by the Shroud, because the user will chink
not something is Inhabieing a machine, though more may be the wraith is a mortal typing away at the other end
necessary to determine the Inhabiting creature's exact nature _ Note that wraiths without the Computer Knowledge will
(and number, ifthere are more than one). With three or more find thisart extremely unpleasant to use —although just about
inyone can find his way through the telephone system. Navi-


ating through the telephone system requires simple Wits +
Alertness rolls (difficulty 5).
Thisart costs 2 Pathos to use, plus 1 Pathos per additional
wraith transported.

" Greminine

This art allows a wraith to possess machines and make
them do her bidding. In order to have complete control of the
machine, the wraith must first attune herself to it. Ifthe wraith
isnot attuned, she may only cause minor effects, such as turn-
ing it on oF off — she has no real control over it.

System: The player must roll Dexterity + Inhabit (diffi-
culty of the local Shroud). Minor effects may be made with
just this roll, but to exert any true control, the wraith must use
appropriate abilities (such as Drive) to make the machine do
her bidding. Each individual effect must be rolled for sepa
rately, unless the item has been artuned ro the wraith

It costs 3 Pathos for the character to Inhabit a piece of
machinery, plus 1 Pathos per effect evoked.

This art allows the wraith to Inhabit an object and mark itas
her own for one scene. While the wraith Claims an object, her
senses are as normal as they are in the real world — but they are
spread our over the entire object that the wraith Claims. Thus, a

house can see, hear and feel everything that

0 it, and around it. While Claiming an object,
the wraith may control the object to a slight degree.

‘System: The player must roll Strength + Inhabie (diffi-
culty of the local Shroud). The number of successes indicates
the maximum size of the object that can be Claimed. Only
‘one success is needed for a small object like a phone, while
five successes zeded to Claim a house.

If the object is destroyed while the wraith is Claiming it,
B she may expend Willpower and Corpus to form it into a relic.
‘One Willpower and one Corpus must be expended per success
quired to Claim the object in the first place.
This art costs 2 Pathos to use.

Empower

This art allows a wraith to invest one of his Arcanos arts
into a relic, thus making that Arcanos available to another.
‘This creates a form of disposable artifact. Generally, the relic
used must be of a shape appropriate to the type of Arcanos
with which it is invested: one cannot usually invest Outrage
in a teddy bear, for example.

‘System: To Empower a relic the player must roll Wits + In-
habit. The difficulty is equal to the local Shroud: because of this
most wraiths choose to go to their Haunts to use this art. The
number of successes indicates the highest level of Arcanos that


may be invested into the relic. Next, the wraith must "use"
the Arcanos while focusing his will on the relic; a successful rll
must be made, using any appropriate Pathos, etc., although no
lasting effect occurs because of it. At this point, the Arcanos is
imbued within the re
Pathos. The maximum number of Pathos that may be spent equ
theinitial numberof successes gained. The character must cho
what "activation action" —a spoken phrase, a gesture,
required to release the art within the artifact. Finally, the
"als the artifact with three Pathos points.
‘Thus, a disposable artifact is created. The artif
pend one of its Pathos points each time it is used (a
must also pay the appropriate price for each use,
spending Pathos o Willpower or gaining Angs
thePathos points invested in the artifact have;
the Empowered object becomes a normal rel
Example: Alex, who knows Argos at 3,
artof Flicker into a relic ofa silver police,

Next the character fuels the relic with

sgocs to his Haunt and Inhabits the object with the intent to §
it. His player rolls Wits + Inhabit (seven dice for
inst a difficulty of 5 (the local Shroud), and scores
four successes: plenty to Empower it with Flicker. After focus-
pg his power of Flicker onto the whistle, Alex invests five

that the power can be

we decides that the whistle must be blown in
vests three more Pathos into the

3). Finally,

for it to be use.

srle, thereby
"Noy, Alex gives the whistle to Wendy, who may use it by
istle. Because Alex's Argos of 3 is "inside" the
player must roll her Dexterity + the whistles
108 point to use the art, and one

cannot be "recharged" but can be remade


B] around you reverberave the songs ofthe dead.
You hear them echoing in high cathedrals, in

UNREGY) darkened audivoriums, in your own sleep. All
AEA) around you wail the songs of the dead: dare
RS) BA ve noe ten? Listen wha as Ben sng

since their death!

The Arcanos of Keening allows
wraiths to infect others with deep and abiding emotions. Al-
though songs are just songs, Keening lets the feelings in its
practitioners' songs seep through the Shroud and affect even
the living. They also have no small effect among the dead.

Note that it is not absolutely necessary to sing or
play music to utilize this Arcanos: although the Arcanos
ught through song, it may be transmitted by any
imber of methods. If a wi
tempr tov

ith wishes, she may at-
re her Keening into spoken words or
dance movements, although the difficulties of all
Keening rolls are increased by one.

Storyteller Notes: The f
victims of Keening are artificially created.
Wraiths ean gain Pathos from these feelings,
but the difficulty for the Passion roll is 9. C
ingone mortal to feel an emotion chat then causes
‘other mortals to feel the same way can allow a wraith
to gain further Pathos.

Allow music to affect the way you run your
game. You may wish to allow players with Keening
access to a CD player so that they can play music ap-
propriate ro the kind of emotions they are broadcasting,

Chanteurs — Keening

The Chanteurs have long provided music for the dead.
They were among the first wraiths to bring music into the Un-
derworld, and they are a very proud and arrogant lot. Even.
when they were disbanded they retained considerable politi
cal clout in Stygia — this is because the Stygian nobles would
do anything for entertainment, and fora time Chanteurs were
considered to be the only acceptable entertainment

All Chanteurs play a musical instrument. Even if a
‘Chanteur performs a cappella, she still employs a noisemaker
‘of some kind: a tambourine, finger cymbals, or drumsticks.

Basic Abilities

Perfect Pitch: Perfect Pitch isthe ability tosense when som
one else is using Keening to influence or manipulation emotions.

System: The roll is Perception + Keening (di
Ie can be resisted with the Sotto Voce ability, belov

Sotto Voce: This ability allows a wraith to conceal the
presence of Keening in normal speech or normal si

System: The roll is Manipulation + Keening (difficuley
6). It can be countered with the Perfect Pitch abil

If someone with Perfect Pitch is trying to detect Keening
done by someone with Sotto Voce, compare the two rolls;
whoever scores more successes wins.

* Dirge
This allows a wraith to amplify or provoke "dark"
feelings in listeners: ust fear, anger, hate, despair frus-
tration or cynicism. Many wraiths use Dirge as a
‘means to repel mortals from their Haunts.
System: The roll is Charisma + Keening
(difficulty 8). The number of successes deter
tines the depth and duration of the feeling
five successes are sufficient to cause a feel
ing that lasts for an entire w
Note that wraiths are not asaffected by this
artas mortals are: this is because Dirge draws upon
Y7 cowledge of death and the feelings of death. For
J. aiths, the numberof successes on the roll indicates
how many tums they will feel a specific emotion
This art costs 1 Pathos.

~ Balled

This art allows a wraith to inspire "lighter" emotions:
love, affection, faith, trust, inspiration, enthusiasm, cheer
or loyalty. Many wraiths use this art to help protect
ters and influence other wraiths into doing their bidding,

System: The roll is Manipulation + Keening (cificuley
8). The number of successes determines the depth and dura-
tion of the feeling: five successes are sufficient to cause afeel-
ing that lasts for an entire week.

With wraiths, who are not as casy to sway as mortals, the
successes equal the number of turns that the wraith feels the
emotion. Many wraiths seek out Chanteurs in order to feel
earthly emotions again.

This art costs 2 Pathos.

* Muse

This art allows a wraith to inspire someone into believi
an idea is her own. Many former musici

enjoy visitng liv-


ing musicians and influencing their music styles, although this
artis often put to more direct use as a means of manipulating
other wraiths.
System: Roll Manipulation + Keening (difficulty 7 or the
subject's Willpower, whichever is higher). The number of sue:
cesses on the roll indicates how well the subject interprets the
suggeston: three or fewer suecesses indicate that she gets the
st of it, but puts her own influence into it; four successes
indicate that she will follow the inspiration as long as it is not
directly harmful; five or more successes indicate that the sub
ject will do whatever the Chanteur wishes.

Note that this art works just as well on wraiths as it does
on mortals,

This art costs 3 Pathos.

Crescendo

The wraith brings to bear a massive musical assaule that

can actually cause harm at close range. It may also be used to

callout to other wraiths in the Shadowlands; the sound can be
ance.

heard over

System: Roll Stamina + Keening (difficulty 8). The num-
ter of successes on the roll equals the amount of Corpus damage
the Crescendo inflicts on every wraith in normal hearing range:

This damage may, of course, still be soaked, and it is not aggra-
vated

great

Iused while Embodied, this art causes listeners (including
vampires, werewolves, ghouls, etc.) to be gripped with a terrible
feac that actually causes their hearts to palpitate fora split second.
This inflicts one Health Level of damage per two successes on the
roll. Victims may still attempt to soak chis damage.

‘This art costs 2 Pathos plus 1 Pathos per success

ww Requiem

This art allows the wraith to infuse her target with pure
emotion. The target's mind and soul are assaulted with the
ce of a particular feeling — light or dark

System: Roll Strength + Keening (difficulty 7). This are
can be resisted with a Willpower roll, but only if the subject is
prepared for it. For each success scored by the attacking wraith,
the subject is paralyzed for one turn by the emotion: unable to
move, act, speak or even defend himself. If the emotion is a
dark one, this art can inflict lasting mental damage: if five or
tore successes are obtained, subtract points from one of the
character's Mental Attributes or otherwise simulate insanity.
Even ifthe emotion is a pleasant one, it can have a profound
effect on the subject; he may become an "emotion junkie,"
willing to do anything to feel the "ecstasy" again.

‘This art costs 3 Pathos plus 1 Pathos per success. If the emo-
tion isa dark one, the Shadow receives 1 Angst per success.


Ait)
nity 9

PECSam) ox knew in life chat everything was intercon- area. The player may als oll Intelligence + Lifeweb to get.a gen-
| nected. Me, you, her... we are all part of the eral sense of how far away a Ferterisand in what direction it is.
same system, the same web. We must under-
stand what holds us to this life so that we can * Sons Strand

search for the means to free ourselves to Tran-
scend By closely examining the energy surrounding another

wraith, the wraith can detect the relationship between a wraith
and his Fetters. This art may also be used to sense whether
something isthe Fetter of another wraith and, ifso, to identily
the wi using the Ferter.
System: When his character is examining another
wraith, the player must roll Perception + Lifeweb (diffi-

culty 8). Each success allows the player to discover one
clue about a Fetter possessed by that weaith. This in-
volves confronting the subject. On a roll of Percep-

rS

Lifeweb enables a wraith to recognize,
explore and understand the links she has to life and the living
world. Lifeweb also enables the wraith to sense and even af-
fect her Fetters from a distance.

Storyteller Notes: A wraith using Lifeweb can feel
the energy of her Fetters. Sometimes this is even pos:
Y sible if the Fetter is far a
upon her "sixth sense." By keeping her sixth sense
dedicated toaspecific F ith may

ich" on that Fetter specifically. She may sin
ply choose to wait for any information to come
in through the Lifeweb and send her senses.
there to follow up on it immediately. She
may also use this aff
places and th
order to wa

Monitors — Lifeweb

The Monitors are central to soul-gathering.
Even though their guild was disbanded, many Moni-
tors were inducted right into the ranks of the Legions
and made a part of the Hierarchy.

Monitors are fiercely protective of their profession
and, although they will teach others the basics of their
Arcanos, will not reveal the higher arts without bei
tain of their students' trustworthiness. This is because they
consider themselves guardians of the dead, making sure that
1no more souls seep into Oblivion.

One can identify a Monitor by the fact that he never closes.
his eyes, not even when Slumbering

Basic Abilities Splice Strand

Locate Fetter: This ability allows the wraith to "check Through use of this art, che wraith may make some person,
up" on her Fetters. By drawing upon her affinity to that object, Pleo thing intoa temporary Fetter. This object must be touched
she may scan the Fetter's surroundings and possibly even sense _** Some fashion (through Embody, Outrage or Inhabit), at which
its distance and @heerbon: point the wraith develops an emotional affinity to that object.

System: The player must roll Perception + Lifeweb (fie Th lfinity can be maintained on a day-to-day bass, but only

P culty 6). The numberof successes indicates the number of Per- OR Fetter can be maintained using this Arcanos.

y ce System: The player must roll Manipulation + Lifeweb
+ iness dice that can be used to sca -surroundin
Scatens Alem ue oscan the suroending  aseciley 7). The new Fener has a eating of 1

tion + Subterfuge, the target will realize she is be-
and is allowed a Willpower roll to.
resist this invasion of her privacy:

Ifthe character is examining an item tode-
termine whether or not something is
the Storyteller should rll Perception +

for him (standard difficulty, assuming. the item
isa Fetter). To attempt to trace a Fetter in either
location, the player must roll Intelligence +
Lifeweb. The number of successes indicates the de-

yy to touch people,
jemporary Fetters in
+h over them.

The wraith may now affect the area surrounding one of
her Ferrers without actually being there. If successful, she may
use an Arcanos, make any kind of roll involving Mental or Social
Attributes, of openly communicate with any wraith the

System: The player must roll Charisma + Lifeweb (diffi-
culty 8). This art costs 1 Pathos per turn of use.


w Sever Strand

This feared power allows the wraith to separate another
wraith from his Ferters. In order to use this art, che wraith
must be in the presence of the Fetter to be severed. Through
the sheer force of his will, he may separate the victim from his
Fetter,

System: Once a Fetter has been identified and the char
acter isin its presence, the player must roll Strength + Lifeweb
(ificuley equal to the Fetter owner's Willpower). This initial
roll may be resisted by Willpower.

‘A wraith who has had a Fetter severed by this Arcanos
may attempt to reestablish it through two means. The first
option is simply for the wraith to expend one permanent Will

power point while she is in contact with the Fetter. The sec
cond is for either herself or another wraith to use Splice Strand
to reconnect the link. This does not apply to threads severed
byHarrrowings. By spending a Willpower point the wraith ean
make the effect of Splice Strand permanent, but only if the
object was formerly one of the wraith's Fetters.

This art costs 2 Pathos and 1 Willpower to use.

om Soul Pact

By using this art, a wraith can claim a mortal soul for his
own, but only ifthe mortal is willing. This artis usually evoked
as part of a contract whereby a mortal promises his soul in
exchange for the wraith's help. Thereafter, while the mortal
lives, he becomes a Fetter of the wraith.

System: The player must roll C
culty equal to the subject's Willpower).

This art costs 9 Pathos to use. The target will then be a

sma + Lifeweb (diffi

one-point Fetter.


Mola

SF) ink thac the undereaker did a good job?
{i) Honey, 1 can make you look more beautiful

AW than you've ever been. Or more disgusting.
‘Need a couple of arms for that boo job? No
problem. How about some hideous scars?
Easy. What about an extra nose or two? Hey,
what are friends for? Really, hon, you need to
just relax and let me take care of you
The art of Moliate, also called Soulshaping, isthe power of
moving, shaping and reforming the stuff of wraiths, called
plasm,
Plasm is malleable. Shapers know how to make it
R beautiful, how to make it glow with an inner light,
nd how to make it look human again. By burning
Pathos and employing the arts of Moliate, a wraith
causes the Corpus under his fingertips to flow freely
fora brief second, just long enough for the wraith
to grab it and shape it to her heart's desire.
Storyteller Notes: This art can be used
to inflict agg
Sorpus.

Masquers — Moliate

One of the most important guilds in Sty
the Masquers were spies, artisans and seer
ns. Because many wraiths enjoy taking on powe

Build used to re-

hs a wide va
. because of
bility to change their shape, Masquers were often
mployed as spies or assassins especially because they didn't
need to carry a weapon with the

Masquers care more about the art of their work than the
practicality of it: they will do better work, even in Martial, if
they ‘own unique flo. out every Cita-
det hy er Masquer workin for it.

One can identify a Masquer by her extremely malleable
form and by the fact that she seems to be a little too perfect.
Occasions
the exact

ed damage on a wraith's

rwo Masquers who work well together will adope
visage.

Basic Abilities
Shap. This ability allows the wraith to detect
whether or not another wraith has been Molia and if so, in

/

‘System: The player must roll Perception + Moliate (diffi-
culty equal to the original shaper' Dexterity + Moliate). The
number of successes indicates how much information about
the Moliated wraith is gleaned, possibly even giving the
Shapesenser an idea of the wraith's original form.

Glow: This ability allows the wraith to cause himself or
others to glow with an inner light. The color and intensity are
up to the wraith.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Moliate (diffi
culty 7). The number of successes indicates how many scenes
the glow lasts
This art costs 1 Pathos.

Return of Death's Visage: This ability allows the

Moliate. The difficulty is based upon how much
the wraith has changed (or been changed) since
her death (drastic change 10, moderate
change 8, minor change 6). Each success in-
dicates how accurately the wrnith assumes het
original shape.

Ie costs 1 Pathos to use this art

* Imitate
A wraith with this art may change her v
mimic another's. This is easiest to do when the wraith
looking at the face to be Imitated, though it may be
done from memory. This art does not allow the wraith to
ange her overall Corpus, just her face.
ystem: The player must roll Dext + Moliate. The
difficulty is variable: 5 if she can see the face, 8 if going by
memory. If the wraith has a skinmask (see Rend, below), the
difficulty is only 4. The number of successes indicates the dif-
ficulty of penetrating the disguise.

‘This art costs | Pathos to use.

Sculpt

‘Using this art, the wraith may temporarily grow another
limb, sprout new sensory organs, place markings or patterns
‘on himself, or cause parts of his body to glow or change color.
As long as there is not a dangerous effect associated with the
change, it remains in the province of Sculpting. Of cours
one m rgue that having multiple arms allows more attacl
this is patently untrue. The wraith has the same phys ipa
bilities es, and unless a


wraith understands Martialry (listed below), he cannot actively
use new appendages.
System: The character may choose to Sculpt either him-

selfor another wraith. The player rolls Manipulation + Moliace
(difficulty 7). The Storyteller must decide how many successes
ate required. The effects of Sculpting are permanent (until
negated with a further use of Sculpting). This art cannot cause
damage; it just changes the shape of the Corpus already ther.
This art costs 1 Pathos to use. The subject of the Sculpt-
ing loses a Corpus Level.
Sculpt may also be used to heal aggravared dama
wraith may use Sculpt to replace the lost Corpus "slots" that
were damaged chrough aggravated wounds, allowing the re-
ipient to refill those "slots." One success per aggravated wound
must be obtained, and use of the art in this fashion costs 1
Pathos plus 1 Pathos per success.

 Martiaty

This art allows the wraith to create weaponry and armor
from his Corpus. The weapon takes the place of one of the
wnith's arms or legs and is automatically shaped to be usable
by one who knows how.

When a weapon is formed by use of this art, the chosen
limb forms into the shape of the desired weapon, hardening as
it does 50. Creation of armor causes the wraith's Corpus to
thicken and harden, assuming a mirrorlike sheen.

System: In order to create weaponry, the player must roll
Intelligence + Moliate (difficulty of his Stamina + 3). Each
success allows the weapon to inflict an additional die of dam.
age: itdoesn't particularly matter what form the weapon takes,
although many wraiths adopt swords for ease of use.

To create armor, the player must roll Stamina + Moliate
(difficulty of his Strength + 3). Each success adds one die to
the character's soak roll, but each success after the first adds to
the difficulty ofany roll involving Dexterity (the armor is stiff).

Note that the wraith may only create weapons from his
‘own Corpus, not that of others, and that the Melee Skill is
needed to wield a formed weapon properly.

This art costs 3 Pathos to use, plus 1 Pathos per success
‘ined

Rend

This terrible artallows Shapers to inflict tremendous dam-
age on the Corpuses of other wraiths. Use of this power causes
another wraith to be literally torn apart. Some wraiths use this
am to remove another wraith's face — a humiliating thing in
wraith society. Once removed, this face is called a skinmask
and can be helpful when using Imitate (see above).

System: Before this art can be used, the character must.
contact his intended target. Generally he must make a normal
attack roll, though the art can be brought into play if another


comes into contact with him. The player rolls Strength + another being or anything else she desires, from a chair to a
Moliate (difficulty of his opponent's Stamina +3). Damage dice _ refrigerator. Although Corpus can be very malleable, there are
equal the character's number of successes plus one per point of _ limits; the relative volume ofthe desired form should be roughly
Pathos spent. If five or more successes are gained, the wraith equal to the wraith's normal form.
may remove a portion of his opponent (face, hand, foot, of System: The player must roll Wits + Moliate. The diffi
even just gouge out a large portion of Corpus). Damage ift—ealty depends on what the wraith seeks to emulate. Trying to
flicted by Rend is aggravated. =eimblate another person is difficult (difficulty 9), while trying
This are costs I Pathos to activate. Additionally, thehar=—to Appear as a greasy spot on the floor is very easy (difficulty
acter gains 1 Angst per use of this ar. SPIVhole-body changes can only be held fora limited amount
OF timélbefore the wraith is forced back to her original form
om Bodyshape (oaeecete per success).

i§ costs 1 Path make the rial change, plus |
Acthis level o ability, che wraith can transfoot het Body eMac es tars te aka cg ch

entire shape and appearance. The wraith can s¥ foxentulAe. .
Y


#4) not. Oh, no — but now, this is fun. Watch Ping
me make it go BOOM! Ac this level the wraith is just beginning to learn to m

Many wraiths may still affect the liv- nipulate objects in the living world. This art can be used to
A¥--4| ing world. One of these waysisthe Arcanos move something very small (such as a bottlecap) just a little

EAH} of Outrage. Outrage is the manifestation bit. Ie can be just a slight brush, a push, a lift or some other

of a wraith's will as kinetic fore. movement.

Storyteller Notes: All Outrage arts are violent or physi-. System: The player must roll Strength + Outrage (dif
cal in one way or another. They should be roleplayed with culty of the local Shroud).
‘much groaning and grantin This art costs 1 Pathos to use.
tal communication to focus one's energies properly a

« Writhgasp

All difficulties are based on the local Shroud,
we This art allows the character to affect the living

Spooks Outrage more direct fashion. Though this power
‘The Spooks have always been troublemakers may only be used to lift things, quite a bit may

and poltergeists, responsible for causing trouble lifted through use of this ar.

they go. Of alll che guilds, this was a System: The player must roll Strength +
only. They were a group of row-

dies and miscreants.

Former Spooks are often found in the
darkest parts of the city, causing fights and
setting fires. They enjoy scaring people with
their Arcanos.

Spooks like to carry things that can pound
‘on other things, like hammers or rocks. In medi-
eval times, the Spooks' Guild was paid by the Artifi-
cers to aid in the creation of relies.

‘One can identify the average Spook by his broad
shoulders, his massive chest and the surly expression on

the character to lift something

with a Feat of Strength (see pg. XX). Nore

that objects may only be lifted; they may
not be moved in any other way.
This art costs 2 Pathos to use

" Stonehand Punch

This are allows the wraith to affect the livi
world in a violent, physical manner. The wraith may
strike a target of his choice
Ra vege System: The player must roll Strength + Outrage.
The difficulty is the local Shroud. Each success inflicts one
Basic Abilities Heath Level (or Corpus Level if the target is another wraith)
on the target

Leap of Raget Asa side effect of learning to focus his will This art costs 2 Pathos per use.
into the real world, the wraith discovers that he can control i
his own movements, both in and out of the Shadowlands. By ++ Death's Touch
use ofthis art, the wraith can make incredible leaps and jumps.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Outrage (difficulty This art allows the wraith to manipulate objects in the
of the local Shroud). If this artis used in the Tempest or the Fel world. The wraith may type, tie shoes, etc., by using this
Shadowlands the difficulty is6. The numberofsucceses gained _a®t- Alternatively, the wraith may create friction, there
can be added to any successes scored when making a jump or _ ins fires in the living world.
leap. System: The player must roll Dexterity * Outrage (diffi
culty of the local Shroud). The number of successes indicates


the delicacy an touch, as well as how
long the power lasts— up to one minute per success gained

To start a fire, the wraith rolls Strength + Outrage (diffi-

culty 8). The number of successes i
tent of the fire.

This art costs 3 Pathos to use.

www Obliviate

This truly hideous art allows a wraith to destroy some-
Ifused to destroy

‘on another wrait

vated damage. A wraith who is reduced t

Dblivion. Living crea:
though if'a mortal is killed
‘ough this power, his soul descends immediately into
Oblivion.

System: T

Inaddition, the wraith gains

this art is used.


f ( |
ights! Camera! POLTERGEIST!!! Wei
Pandemonium, also called the Weirdness
Wylding, isa power of pure chaos. Ircannot The wraith can cause something strange to happen to one
be controlled, bur i is very effective in tam- individual: he suddenly feels a hot flash, or is hair rises, or he
pering with the living world. Those wraiths suffers a momentary hallucination. Only one individual
FEB) who use it develop an unsavory reputation: time may be affected by this ar.
dabbling in the Wylding is not conducive to System: The player rolls Charisma + Pa

ining one's sanity ficulty of the local Shroud).
Storyteller Notes: Although the Fog cloaks most of the This art costs 1 Pathos,

effects of this Arcanos, it often.
~ Befuddlement

Through use of this art the wri
subject to become confused. The subject wi

wes considerable problems
with local mortals. People tend to freak out when clocks start
running backward, ghostly lights dance
phibians rain down in gelid torrents,

fects of most of the
quickly, leaving no lasting ef
fects, and people don't tend to believe wild-eyed der-
clicts who claim they saw ghosts. Although pho-
tography and video equipment record effects that
directly affect the vg world, most are quick
todisbelieve what they see. Afterall, video ef-
fects are easy to fake,

id whi

momentarily disoriented and u

he is doing
System: The art may be used on a mortal or
‘other wraith. The play rolls In
onium (difficulty ofthe target's Willpower). The
effets last for one tum per success gained. The
subject ofthis art mast make an Intelligence rol
(Cifficulty 8) each tum to think clearly oraet deci
sively
This art costs I Pathos to use.

Dark Ether

Through use ofthis ary, the wraith may affect currently
existing weather-related or lightrelated environmental con-
ditions in a small area. She can make the area bitterly cold or
blisteringly hoe, painfully bright, or impenetrably dark. She can
cause blue-white arcs of electricity to dance about the room, oF
floating globes of light to shimmer into being. She can make the
also produce @

‘Thedlificulty for any Pandemonium effects is
the local Shroud, unless stated otherwise. The Fog
events people embering the exact details
cof what happened: see the Fog Chart on pg XX.

Hunters — Pandemonium

lied with the Spooks' Guild, the Haunt-
cers were somewhat misanthropic: they view
asexterminators who would rid buildings of

Now Haunters are considered quite insane, because their

ats require them to evoke and witness mind- and reality-alter-
ing eflects. Many of them develop quirks reflecting their shaky ey and biting or as heavy as.a wee wool blanket; she ca

sanity th

themselves

yuman pests."

ing too much, the tendency to use the ™istsand fogs.

royal"we; © generally high-strung and casily ivitated. System: The player must state what effect she is attemptit
One sxtfy a Haunter by her odd mannerisms and and roll Intelligence + Pandemonium (difficulty of the local 9
ia faced Shroud). The number of successes indicates the degree of

the rol

(Health 9
however, this

ance and the duration of the effect. Five successes
‘e Ahiliti sufficient turbulence to inflict one level of da

Basic Altes co Corpus) upon beings i the vicinity. General
Sense Chaos: The wmith is highly attuned to the forces of chaos artis meant to terrify, not injure.

andtheShadow. By concentrating,the wnith sabletotellifaparticw- This art costs 1 Pathos to evoke and 1 Pathos per turn of

larevent has been case by Pandemonium, or ifsomething hasbeen maintenance.

toca by the Shak, Thisart is even wsefln determining fa moe-

talhasbeen tampered with in some manner by a wraith orSpectre. 9000 Foul Humour

System: The player must roll Perception + Pandemonium.
(aieney 7). " With this art, a wraith may cause foul vermin and sub-

stances to mani -a. He can evoke a plague of


locusts, a rain of frogs, a nest of black snakes, a pack of rats o
a web full of spiders. Alternatively, he can evoke blood (dri
‘or wet), gore, acid, si

flesh or other noxious substances.
The wraith accomplishes these feats by using Pathos to chan.
nel his very Corpus through the Shroud.

System: The player must state what effect he is attempt
ing and roll Intelligence + Pandemonium (difficulty of the lo
roud). The number of successes indicates the extent of
anifestation (and how much the Storyteller will elabo-
ion). Ac the end of the effect, the manifes
tation usually vanishes, although traces of it may remain, es-
pecially if the roll scored five or more successes. Note that
anything damaging created with this pow
damage for every two successes on the

the
rate on the descr

inflicts one die of

ation roll.

This art costs 4 Pathos plus 1 Corpus per success.

+ Tempus Fugit

Through this art, a wraith may change the speed at which
time passes, or may distort the dist

nce of an area. Thus, she

cel ime or make it

very slowly; she can make

across a ballroom seem like one step. The wraith, however,

cannot reverse time.

System: The player must state what effect she is attempting
and roll Intellij + Pandemonium (difficulty of the local
Shroud). The number of successes indi the amount of tempo-
ral o spatial change permissible in the wraith' immediate vicinity.

Each success alters the flow of time by one tur. This can
be attempted once per scene. For inst
ing down time for a victim and scored four suc
normally requiring one turn would last for four turns. If she
was speeding up time, anything requiring four turns could be
done in one tur. (Note: this will not add to the number of
actions the target gets from Celerity, Rage or Effects of the
Time Sphere. It can, however, prevent them...) This art also
works in the Shadowlands (difficulty 7).

This art costs 4 Pathos.

By rolling Dexterity + Pandemonium (difficulty 7), 2
ay focus the time/space distortion on he
and thus gain an extra action per turn for each suc
roll. This application of the art costs 2 Pathos to us
effects last for one scene.

elf alone
sson the
and the


you anywhere you wane to go — would you
like to have dinner with Marlene Dietrich? Sip
ccappucino on the canals of Mars? Walk with

his sleep cycle: REM sleep (di deep sleep (not dr
) or transition. This art may also be used to experience the
subjects dream.

£89) have you back before you wake.

Phantasm is the knowled

of mortals!
tly in their System: The player must roll Perception + Phi

asin (dif
ficulty 6). Each success allows the wraith to view the mortal
dream for one turn,

* Hsia

souls. Whilea
bodies. It is relatively easy, for those who know what they
soul out of a mortal shell and bring it
hadowlands

leep, mortals' souls resi

are doing, to slide
along on journeys
doesn't amber the j
femembers a vague n

Storyteller Notes: Phantasm offers the
teller the opportunity to involve normal peop!
rectly in the story. While the events of a Phi

h the S

mney completely
shtmare or a good dr

atly taki
her hands,

the soul ofa sleeping person into
h can pull it out, This causes no

lasting damage to the soul. Once freed, the wraith

may carry the dreaming soul along with hi
System: The player must roll Dexterity +
Phantasm. The difficulty depends on the
subject's current sleep cycle (see Sleepse
above): REM sleep (6), t I steep (7)
or deep sleep (8). Each success allows the
mortal to stay one scene in the dreamscape.

tasm-controlled dream are not real to the dr

ing soul, they do has

» impact on life and
Petceptions. Sometimes these «hi

am-journeys
‘cause person to reconsider his life a

asitior

c subject is watching televisi
er a similar hypnotic st
by Elysia; the difficulty is 10, howev
three successes are required. TI
from the number of successes for du

This art allows a wraith ge aspects of a mortals
dream. Fe c, a dreamer dreams of being in a thunder
atthe high- storm, ad middle of the ocean. A wraith
could use this art to change the thunderstorm toa calm day, ot
the boat to a raft, or the ocean toa desert. Ifa wraith

Sandnen — Phantasm Perens elie

it over and guide its path, goi
dream to a nightmare or vice versa
System: The Storyteller must first decide how drastic the

or un:

Forall intents and purposes, a dreaming person isa
with with a very solid Corpus that can only be damaged
by special artifacts or things thar inflict aggravated wounds

cn wniths. Ifattacked, a dreaming soul returns immediately

permanent damage or death toa
creamer through use of this Areanos is only possbl
cst levels ofthe at

Sandmen are the actors and playwrights of the Under-
world. Their troupes roam the Underworld, travel

Necropolis to Necropolis with their play:

‘The fact that their guild was dishanded meant nothing to th rival is ond ars ee or ae aes har rt
they do what they do.not because of some guild, bur heeouse 1¢ ll Manipulation + Phantasm. For each success, the change is
Wen ee Ss more vivid and per If the roll botches, the dreamer is

ith's
nely intense, sanity-threatening
costs 2 Pathos

drawn into the wr

Shadow and experiences its terur me
ghemare.

identify a Sandman by his tendency to dress in-
congruously, with clothes woven from wisps of

viously in-

ited dreams.


Drea of Sleep

This art allows the wraith to cause other wraiths to fall
asleep and dream in the manner of the li

System: The player need make a roll only if the wraith is
unwilling. In this case, the player rolls Charisma + Phantasm.
(difficulty of the wraith's Willpower). The target m
sist using a straight opposed Intelligence +

This art costs 1 Pathos.

 Agon

This is a direct means of ripping a mortal's soul from his
sleeping body. This method is extremely painful and often de-
structive to the mortal.
System: The player rolls Strength + Phantasm (difficulty
8). The number of successes on the roll indicates the number
1s the dreamer loses upon awakening. It also
e number of scenes during which the wraith
eamer's soul. The dreamer may resist by using
ine (difficulty 8). Agon sometimes becomes an epic
ith botches,
the dreamer' soul has somehow been harmed: he mi

neurotic or suffer a recurring nightmare
This art costs 3 Pathos, and the wraith's Shadow
) Angst per use. Botching will bestow two points of An

» Phantasmagoria

The wraith may weave her Pathos (and C
sions. These illusions are not solid to other wraiths (although
they can still be dangerous) unless the wraith has invested
Corpus into them. A wraith can weave illusions in the living
world if the wraith first Embodies there. The illusions can af-
fect all five senses, although they last for only a short amount
of time

System: The roll to create an illusion is Charisma + Phan
tasm (difficulty 6). The number of successes on this roll equals
both the number of successes required (on a Perception + Alert
ness roll) to see through an illusion and che number of turns
the illusion lasts. In order for an illusion to become quasi-ma:
terial (and thus dangerous), the wraith must invest at least
one level of Corpus into the illusion's "bods." The number of
Corpus Levels invested indicates the amount of damage the
illusion can take before being destroyed. Corpus cannot be
replaced in an illusion once it is damaged:

pt must be made to recreate it.

If the illusion is of a dangerous or damaging nature, the
player may roll Dexterity + Phantasm (difficulty 7)
tack roll. The victim may dodge the attack. The damage roll is
Strength + Phantasm (difficulty 7), bestowing one point of
damage for each success. The victim may soak the damage.

This art costs 3 Pathos to use, plus | Pathos per turn.

Wk te ie


x ve Grete elf over be cose of oy? Why Attunement
do you think there was no nuclear holocaust In order for a wraith to perform some aspects of Puppetry,

during the Cold War? Certainly not because he must first prepare a Consort. To prepare a Consort, the
of peace-loving military oficias. We pull the wraith must spend a considerable amount of time skinriding
strings, and they dance for us — because the individual, spending a point of Willpower each time. This
Charon himself couldn't have kept Oblivion represents a process of identifying with the Consort over time.
at bay if those nuke mushrooms had blossomed. It may have been Five points of Willpower are required to prepare the average
against his Code, but 1 personally don't think he would have _ Consort. If the Consort is a close fri nd, two or three points of
minded, Willpower will be sufficient. The Skinrider must succeed at
Puppetry is the fo each of the lower levels of Puppetry before attempting a
higher level. Once the
the wraith m

a. Of all

AK
province of his Deathlords and the Hierarchy alone.
Nonetheless, an entire subculture of weaiths are

coryteller deems the time is right,
-xpend a permanent Willpower point,
at which point the subject becomes a Consort

Basic Abilities
Detect Possession: Not only does this abil-
ity allow a wraith to detect the signs of posses-
sion, but to sense if a mortal has been attuned
for the purpose of using Puppetry.
/ ‘Systems To detect a current possession,
the player rolls Perception + Puppetry (diff:
culty 7). To detect the subtle signs of past pos-
session, the difficulty is 9.

dicted to this Arcanos' power-tripping ways. They
love the experience of fee
love the powe
ifter their hosts are hospitalized for mer

Storyteller Notes: inhabiting
thebody ofa subject, the wraith is not con-
the Shadowlands. He is
safe from the ravages of that place. Howe

sidered to be

he takes damage whenever his host takes d
age.

Note that unless the wra The Skinrider may resist current detection by
using Appearance + Subterfuge (difficulty 7) or Ap-

pearance + Puppetry (difficulty 6).
* Skinride
Puppeteers — Puppetry Before the wrath may attempt to contol a mortal

The ultimate secret weapon, the Puppereers were more W_ other ways, the wraith must first earn the art of skinridin
ofan elite group of equals than a guild. Charon himself used Skinriding is essentially the ability to slip into the mortal's
their services on more than one occasion, although he obvi- body, thereby temporarily joining with her. This isa very basic
ously loathed them. The Puppeteers were never a part of the _ level of possession; in effect, the wraith is simply along for the
Hierarchy, but were obviously sanctioned by it. ride, and the host is moving of her own free will, carrying the

Puppe wraith along. However, all other uses of Puppetry first require
ea Ot fore the wraith to Skinride the host.

th is in direct con-
twol of the body, you should use the host's Physical
Attributes and Ti
hanger-on

ents. The Puppeteer is just a

rs believe th

mselves responsible for the well-
and often go to great lengths to ensure that

ecessaty deaths in the living ‘he so desires, the wraith may attempe to implant a one-
peters feel the exact oppo- Word suggestion or simple impulse. This suggestion or impulse
boxlies isto use anid shee cannot be contradictory to the host's Nature or very dangerous

One can identify a Puppeteer by his accent and strange Syetem: In onder to huave his character entes a hos' body,
‘mannerisms: Puppeteers tend to pick up many strange accents the player must roll Dexterity + Puppetry (difficulty of the
and habits when skinriding different people. subject's Willpower). The roll indicates how many successes

are needed for another wraith to wrest the wraith out of the §

host's body.
This art costs 1 Pathos.


» Sudden Movement

The Puppeteer may now send an impulse directly to an
arm or leg and take fleeting control of it. This art may be used
to force someone to pick something up without knowing ex-
actly why.

Sys The character must first Skinride the host. The
player then rolls Strength + Puppetry (difficulty of the subject's
Willpower). The victim is allowed a resisted rol of Willpower.
The number of successes indicates the degree of control the
character has.

This art costs 1 Pathos per use.

w Master's Voice

The Puppeteer briefly overrides the speech centers of his
host and causes her to speak. The voice produced when using
this art is a bizarre hybrid of the wraith's and host's voic
System: The player must roll Intelligence + Puppetry (dif-
ficulty of the subject's Willpower). The Puppeteer may speak
for one breath per success gained.
This art costs 1 Pathos to use

v Rein in the Mind

This more powerful possession allows the Puppeteer to
control a host without her realising it. In order todo this, how-

cever, the Puppeteer must have attuned her as a Consort (see
Attunement, above).

The host remains semiconscious throughout the process
and will emerge from the possession when the Puppeteer fi
nally releases her. Once released, she will immediately try 0
rationalize her actions. This isn't always possible, and many
hosts have sought mental health professionals, testing and
therapy. Note, however, that any pain felt by the host i felt by
the wraith also: electroshock therapy has been extremely use-
ful in throwing a Puppeteer out, though nothing prevents him
from coming back.

System: The player must roll Manipulation + Puppetry
(difficulty of the subject's Willpower or the local Shroud,
whichever is higher). The number of successes indicates the
number of scenes during which the Puppeteer may control the
host. By spending a Willpower point, the host may make a
Willpower roll to thwart the possession (each success vers
difficulty of the Puppeteer's Manipulation + Puppetry
cates one fewer scene the Puppeteer may remain in conti).

This art costs 4 Pathos to use and bestows one point of
Angst


After long-time use of Rein in the Mind, a wraith may
begin to live full-time within a host's body. The host's person-

y issubsumed, eaten by the Shadow of the possessing wraith
Whenever the wraith leavesa body that has been so possessed
irbecomes catatonic — sitting about listlessly, with no will of
itsown. Master Puppeteers typically exploit and destroyifhor
tals for their own survival

System: Ifthe character has a Consort who has bgén con:
divioned through long uses of Rein in the Mind, de player
may roll Strength + Puppetry (difficulty equals qe subjgees
Willpower or the local Shroud, whichever is grgfter). When
the wraith totals enough successes to equal the hokt's Will
power, she can destroy the soul of the host and fully
that person.

nent

Te should be noted that a body th
original soul will slowly start to decay.
ing the soul, th

ne week after remov
body will begin to rot. For this reason,
wraiths who possess this art

2 it only in dire cixcum
Note that this form of possession only works on morta
Spmpletely ineffective against supernaturals
This arc can only be employed once
smgQh: if a wraith doesn't Oblierate the
she myst wait another month to try a
PR wraith muse spend 5 Puthos
‘his Ate, nd she gains a number of
host original Wil

nd 2 Willpower to evoke
ngst points equal to the


upply and demand. It's simple economics. You Racin Abily
need, we provide. You don't ask us where we Basic Abilities
get the juice, and we won't ask what you're Assessment: The wraith can sense the amount of life (or
Dlanning to do with it. Fair? I chought so. conversely, the amount of death) within an individu:
Usury isthe art of exercising the power gain a general sense of tha
thardeath has over life. Through it, wraiths Corpus. By looking at wounds, he
can gain life energy — Pathos. Every day, This ability has an adjunct use: the wraith can u
the Quick die alittle more. Usury is just the process of speed- the presence of life energy within an
ing the arrival of the final breath. ‘System: The player must roll Perception + Usury (diffi-
‘Some believe that the Shadow is the channel for this culty 6). The number of successes indicates the necuracy of
art, Indeed, Usury embodies the process of speeding de- the reading.
cay and death, and many Usurers find themselves filled
with Angst on a regular basis. Through this Arcanos, ' Transfer
The wraith may transfer her own Pathos to an-

the wraith infects a living person with minute quan
tities of death, thereby stealing some of his life. leis
also used to steal other wraiths' Corpus.

Storyteller Notes: To employ Usury, the
wraith using it must somehow touch the
subject's body or Corpus. Where mortals are
concerned, this is done through Puppetry
(entering a mortal and using the art on
him), Embody (mac i and touching
someone), Inhabit (being inside something
that is in contact with the subject) or Phan-
tasm (touching the dreaming soul). The life en-
ergy stolen in this fashion appears as an arc of light
J} that dulls and grays as it enters the wraith.

B Usurers — Usury

‘ Acone time, the Usurer's Guild had considerable po- " farly Withdrawal
B litical clout in Stygia. The Usurers made a bid to rake over
the government of Stygia and were thus cast out along with By merely touching a subject (living or wraith), the Usu-
the rest of the guilds. For this reason, the Usurers must con- fF may siphon life energy from the subject. In onder to drain
duct their business in secret. In order to reach a Usurer ofsome — €n€tgy from the living, the wraith must physically contact the
renown or power, a client must first follow a series of direc. Chosen individual through some means, ge through use
tions leading her on a somewhat unorthodox wild goose chase. of the Embody Arcanos.
If nobody follows the client (and if the Usurers decide her in- System: Once the subject has been touched, the player
tent is good), then the Usurers will see her. rolls Manipulation + Usury (difficulty of the opponent's Will-
‘One can identify a Usurer by her tendency to speak in Power). The number of successes indicates the number of
precise, numerical terms, as well as by the scales she carries, Health or Corpus Levels stolen. These levels are immediately
which allow her to keep track of the balance of energy trans. marked off on the subject's sheet and added to the Usurer's
feteed: sheet. The wraith may only steal Health or Corpus Levels up
to his maximum Corpus. Once the Usurer has reached his
maximum Corpus, this ability becomes useless — unless the
ter possesses the Exchange Rate art (see below).

use this art to ste
wraith. To use this art suce
wraiths in question must be
tim The energy
fests as a glow that infuses the wraith re-
ceiving the Pathos
System: The player must roll Manipula-
tion + Usury If this art is being used to trans
fer Pathos, the difficulry equals the amount of
Pathos the receiving wraith currently h
arcisbeing used to steal Pathos, the difficulty
the subject's Willpower. The number of success indi
cates how many points of Pathos may be transferred.


"Charitable Trust

This art allows the wraith to heal a mortal or another
wraith by infusing her with his own Corpus. The subject is
held close to the mouth of the bestowing wraith and re¢
the Corpus as a ghostly breath. The wraith need not be mani

‘System: The player rolls Stamina + Usury (difficulty equal
to the injured chi nt Health or Corpus Levels).
For each success rolled, one Corpus Level may be transferred

bj borch on this roll means that the flow of

Corpus reverses: see the Early Withdraw:

This art costs 1 Pathos to use.

wm Exchange Rate

Though a wraith can conve
Healing, pg. XX), Corpus al ame. With this
art, a wraith may now convert C » Pathos. He may
simply convert his own Corpus, or he may use this art in con:
junction with Early Withdrawal (see above).

ystem: The player rolls Intelligence + Usury (difficulty
6). Each success allows one point of Corpus to be converted
into Pathos.

Investment

Thro use of this art the wraith may use relics as reser-
voits to store Corpus and Pathos for future use. The wraith

must first own a relic in order for this art to be used; by focus- Bf
ing his will upon the relic, the wraith may channel energy into
it, where itis then stored. This bottled Pathos is accessible to

anyone who knows the sigil or command phrase with which §
the wraith seals the relic
System: The player decides how many Pathos or Corpus
she wishes to invest, and then writes down that num.
The player then rolls Intelligence + Usury (difficulty 7).
‘orpus is invested.

acter must seal the relic by spen
ing a sigil or command th
within the relic isto be tapped. Only one type of enc
Note that soulfire is ere-
J to recharge empty
soulfire crystals



TIMe
BRAD-
STREET

194



Chapter Seven:
Shadow

You may never understand

how the stranger is inspired,

For he is not always evil,

cand he is not always wrong.
—Billy Joel, "The Stranger"

here are two main aspects to a wraith
Gayl character's personality. The first, the

F7]| Psyche, is usually the dominant side of a

BHA)) wraith. The Psyche represents the force of

J| will and the source of identity. A wraith

follows his Psyche by being true to himself

and acting in accordance with his inner
belief (his Naure). The Psyche trusts, beliew
and dreams. The Psyche, however,
Every character has a dark side as well
‘Wraiths call this inner darkness the Shadow. Usually, this
isthe repressed, hidder

creates, hopes
stot exist on its own,

de of a wraith. The word "evil" does
not entirely fit; the phrase "dark side" is far more appropriate:
Itis the negative image of the Psyche. From the viewpoint of
the Shadow, darkness isa source of strength. The Shadow feeds
doubt, resistance, antipathy and the subconscious. From the
viewpoint of the Psyche, the Shadow is a force of destruction,
not creation. Itis the d

wraith, threatening to consume everything a wraith holds dear.
Both of th retations, in a sense, are t
played by a Wraith player is the Psyche

aspect. When desperation and suffering grow strong enougl
however, the Shadow side of the wraith emenges. This S
side is a separate character, complete with its own
character sheet, and is usually not under the player's control.

This chapter describes how the dark side of a character is,

developed. The Psyche is created by the player with the help

of the Storyteller; the Shadow is created by the Storyteller
with the help of the player. The rules presented in this chapter
‘enable the Storyteller to define and delineate the Shadow.

Shadoweuide

The Shadow is an intelligent force. It does not mindlessly
plod along: even the most alien Shadows have pla
cunning tricks and brilliant insights into the Psych

To represent this, another player in the troupe assumes
the role of the character's Shadow. This player is called the
‘Shadowguide. Thus, each Ws
characters: her own character and another character's Shadow:
The Shadowguide roleplays the subconscious urges of a char-

pier Seven Shadow

,eyeles,

4)

player actually controls two

CO

¢


acter. The Shadow
of power, try
tions

often whisper hin
o trick the player into se

and promises
-destructive ac-

Any roleplaying game is played by consensus. The Story-
teller usually decides which player will represent which Shadow
However, a player can feel fre to choose her own Shadowguide
Al players must be comfortable with the final decision. The
Shadowguide assists in developing the character as the game
progresses

Ir should be noted, however, that during periods when
the Shadow directly dominates (as opposed to influences) the
wraith, the player, not th
ridden character.

Asa Shadowguide, you have a degree of power... and a
degece of responsibility. You m ne familiar with the
h whose Shadow you control. This doesn't necessarily
mean that you should memoriz but you
should definitely be familiar with whar the Psyche of your
Shadow can do. You also need to understand the tools you
have at your disposal.

lowguide, controls the Shadow-

Finally, you must know when to stop. You must under.
stand when (0 €

mack, when to cease your spiritual assault
‘on your poor target. If the Shadow is always aetive and

to do harm to the character, the story will suffer. If you
to0 vicious, the person playing your Shadow may eventu:

ally find it necessary to show you that turabout is indeed fair
play

Overall, you must realize that, ¢
ing an entity of darks
intelligent entity who real

J destruction, you are playing an
that small vi sathered
single triumph. The work of

overtime, are worth more th
the Shadow requires patiens

. cunning and insight. Use fi-
nesse.

Andaboveall el
thing: its only a
venting th
be, she will occasion
Shadow herself

Sato Character Generation

'm harboring a fugitive, a defector of a kind

She lives in my soul and drinks of my wine

J And I'd give my last breath to keep us alive
Indigo Girls, "Fugitive"

Aftera player has finished all the other

everyone involved must remember one
ne. The

ide from abusing his position; if need

oryteller is responsible for pre~

ly intervene and guide a character's


Step One: Concept

Yet this shall I ne'er know, but live in doubt

‘Til my bad angel fire my good one out.

—William Shakespeare, "Sonnet 141"

The Storyteller and the player need to pick a concept for
the Shadow. This represents the general personality of the
adow, but also says something about the personality of the
character. Try to determine exactly what about this character
will make it unique. What secrets will trouble and torment
the character throughout the game?

An excellent time to develop these ideas is during a
character's prelude, By understanding the forces and desires
that drox ‘haracter through life, the Storyteller will gain an
understanding of what motivates the character not just it
death, but toward death. The Shadow is the incamation of
the Psyche's nightmares.

Below are listed several Shadow Archetypes. Some of them
are variants of existing Psyche Archetypes (it's even possible,
in some cases, for a character to have the same Archetype for
the Demeanor, Nature and Shadow). The ones listed below
are only a sampling. Feel free to develop unique Shadow con-
cepts in addition to the ones provided.

Shadow Archetypes

‘These Archetypes mainly apply to the Shadowguide. As
he deceives and corrupts, the Shadow develops its personality
and methods. The Archetype can also be helpful to the player
When roleplaying through periods of Cathars.

The Abuser

This Shadow represents the battered "inner child" who
has come full ciel, grown up out of her terrible beginnings to
inflet more pain on others. She is alternately childlike and
rge-tilled, caring and terribly abusive. Mostly she is chaotic
and nearly impossible to second-guess. Like the Perfectionist,
the Abuser makes impossible demands; unlike him, however,
she never expects the character to fulfill them. She hopes the
‘character will fail — failure gives her an excuse for her cruelty.

When dominant, this Shadow uses her power to abuse
orhers: mindlessly lashing out, demanding servitude, or me-
thodically inflicting pain and suffering. She wishes the whole
world to suffer jus like she does.

THe Director

ThisShadow is aloof and quiet. He seems mild-mannered
enough. Indeed, he is quite gentlemanly and presents a strong
facade of honor. He isthe master manipulator. Your secrets are
the keys with which he gradually unlocks ironies and inner

doubts. The Director's ultimate goal is to shatter your will with
terror in one fell swoop. He enjoys watching as you stumble

to trap after trap that he's laid for you, and loves your sur-
prise and incredulous disbelief when he shows you what you
have become.

This meticulous, terrifying Shadow subtly evokes dark el-
‘ements here and there, seeds of the soul that eventually blos-
som into something truly horrific. Like a demented ga
host, he pulls back one curtain after another, revealing
nesses that you never even knew you had.

When in power, this Shadow quietly prepares his next
series of traps. He also enjoys mind games, forcing others to
confront their own weaknesses.

The freak

The Freak knows all your secrets and gets a perverse kick
out of them. It enjoys making you do what you most loathe
When it whispers to you, it makes you feel like you are
alone, like you are the only one who would ever do the things
you've done. At the same time, however, the Freak gives you
permission to do horrific, terrible things. The Freak takes ple
sure in your shame

When the Freak is in power, it often u
host. It will force the host to indulge in many terrible
Moreover, the Freak takes almost as much pleasure in dredg-
{ing up others' perversity and exposing it to the world.

The Leech

This Shadow is the hole inside you, a pit of raw need dug
by neglect and hate. This Shadow needs love, sexual fulfill-
ment, goods, food, attention — everything. The Leech tht
ensto consume everything around you, including yourself. This,
Shadow often acts like a lost child, a creature worthy only of
pity, dwelling within you and constantly pleading for help. In
truth, it is in control, driving you to Oblivion with its vora-
cious appetites.

‘When in power, this Shadow attempts to gain sust
from others at any cost. [ thinks nothing of using, ruining and
discarding others. The world owes the Leech, and the Leech
will lash out spitefully if rejected enough.

The Martyr

The Martyr wishes only to quit its existenc
possible. He may try and drag others down with him, but his
main goal is to force you to embrace Oblivion, to complete
the process of death. He always seeks to die again and again.
‘The Martyr often uses your faith and altruism as levers, offer-
ing glorious, fulfilling sacrifice for the greater good. But the
preaching it offers is false, leading only to annihilation.
When this Shadow is in power, it will immediately place
the host in the most dangerous situation it can. It will also

to shame its


R proselytize to other wraiths about the futility of continued ex-
istence and the need to sacrifice oneself for a higher goal

The Monster

‘The Monster is a foul and unknowable thing. You can't
what it wants, or why. It is mindlessly

abusive; pc
The Parent
Overprotective, loving and caring, this Shadow wants to

She wants you to love only
and if you

ities at anyone within earshot.

could ever love
our self-es
of how you'v
ally. Afterall, aren't you her precious baby?
‘When in power, this Shadow often se

AY wraiths and instill guilt for the things they've done. She will

also attempt to destroy any and all relationships the host has.

The Perens

Thi

ctor. He know:
any of them.

B but it is generally
‘When in power, this Shadow tries to damage its host, be-
hat it is worthless and weak. Additionally, it will of-
fe other wraiths around it

the Pusher

The Pusher is your buddy, your pal. Like Mephistopheles,
he is helpful,

happy": that's
e fun. As much fun as

in power, the Pusher will atempe to place the host
in great 1 privation, forcing the host to call on the
power that only he can offer.


This Shadow is the reasoning, thinking person's Shadow.
She calmly discusses your situation with you, gently explain-
ing why you should do what she wants and offering totally
logical reasons for so doing. Of course, her logic is designed to
lead you down the path to Oblivion.

She never openly confronts you. Instead, she riddles your
mind with doubts — doubts that only she can allay. This
Shadow has a sensible, rational answer to everything, and of-
fers you the protection of denial as well: certainly, the thoughts
gnawing ac you are silly guile feelings instilled by a repressive
upbringing. Certainly, the thoughts, words and deeds this
Shadow has instigated haven't really hurt anyone too much...

‘When in power, this Shadow creates conditions that prove

ious postulates. She also "advises" other wraiths, trying
them into

Step Two: Angst

"Life," said Marvin. "Don't talk to me about life."

Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

The Shadow is powered by a Trait called Angst. This Trait
represents and quantifies a wraith's pain, alienation, self-doube
and frustration, The higher the Angst rating, the more power:
ful the Shadow,

‘The Angst rating always starts equal to of less than the
character's initial Willpower, Roll a number of dice equal to
the character's Willpower (difficulty 6). The number of suc-
cesses indicates the number of "permanent" Angst points the
character has at the start of the game.

Angst represents the stress and repressed emotion inside a
wraith, Angst also determines the strength of the Shadow. The
dow may spend Angst points just as the wraith spends
Willpower.

Unlike Willpower, however, temporary Angst can exceed
the boundaries of its permanent score. When a character's tem-
porary Angst exceeds his permanent Willpower, the Shadow
‘an attempt to overpower the Psyche and usurp control of the
wraith. If the Shadow possesses 10 points of temporary Angst
while it is dominant over the character, the Shadow trades all
its temporary Angst for a point of permanent Angst. The char-
acter is one step closer to Oblivion.

During play, Angst can increase and decrease without the
player's knowledge. The idea is that the player should never
teally know where her character stands. Some Arcanos give
the Shadow temporary Angst points. The Shadow also has
weaponry of its own, called Thoms; certain Thoms provide
temporary Angst. Finally, the Shadow has its own Dark Pas-
sions. If the wraith fulfills the purpose or inflicts the passion of
a Dark Passion on a mortal creature, she can quickly sate her-
self with larger amounts of Angst.

her

During play, the Shadowguide must keep track of the
character's Angst score. She will also need to know the player's
permanent Willpower score. The Storyteller may choose co
keep track as well, but she will usually be too busy telling the
story. The player will always know her Willpower score, but
will never know her Angst score.

Step Three: Dark Passions

Next, the Storyteller must choose the Passions of the
‘Shadow. Define the Shadow's Passions (or "Dark Passions"
the same way you define the Psyche's Passions: each Passion
consists ofa brief, one-line description of the Passion, followed
by the appropriate emotion. You should use the Passions of
the Psyche as.a guide, because Dark Passions are generally op-
from those of the Psyche. Still feel free to make parallel
letely unique Passions as you see fit. The Storyteller
assigns seven points of Dark Passions when designing a Shadow
and the palyer can spend freebie points to raise them during
character generation. Fulfilling a Dark Passion will give the
character pure Angst. See Dark Passions, below.

Step Fou: Freebie Points

The Storyteller has 10 freebie points to spend on th
Shadow's Traits. These freebie points can be used to raise the
Angst score or purchase Thorns. Note, how
Shadow's permanent Angst score can ne
the character's Willpower, although temporary Angst can be
as high as 10.

Permanent Angst —5 points per dot

(cannot initially be higher than permanent Willpower)

Temporary Angst

(cannot ini

Dark Passions — 1 point per dot

(maximum of 10 dots)

Thoms — listed individually below

Thoms

In the end you will submit —

Tes go to ure altel bit

New Order,

Thorns are spe the Shadow possesses.
These qualities are torally under the control of the Story
not the player.

Spectre Prestige: 1 point/level —The Shadow is respected
among Spectres and will often be aided by them. Treat this as
Notoriety for the Shadow.

Dark Allies: 1 point/level — The Shadow regularly com-
municates with Spectres in the area. Treat this Thorn as if the

2 points per dot
ally be higher than permanent Angst)


R Shadow had the Allies Background, applicable only the region's
Spectres.

Tainted Relic: 1 point/relic — The Shadow has an impor-
tant relic that manifests only when itis in power. This relic could
‘bea mask, a weapon or some other item. The character should be
able to recognize its origin if tis described to him or ifhe secs itn
aa mirror. The manifestation of this relic demonstrates to others in
the wraith's Circle thar the Shadow is in control

Infamy: | point/level— People curse the character' name
as they lie down to sleep. The Infamy Thorn causes a kind of
Memoriam to collect at the character's Fetters. Only the
‘Shadow can benefit from this energy. Whenever wraith Slum-
bers, the Storyteller rolls a number of dice equal to the Shadow's
in this Thorn (difficulty 6). For each success, the hatred
g conveys one point of Angst to the wraith. The
1m rating of this Thorn is 5,

Death's Sigil: 1-3 points — T
acter to manifest a distinctive
wherever she goes. This can be anything from the sound of
rushing wings that announces her presence to glowing hellfire
that drips from her and covers everything she touches. This
sigil even colors her Arcanos effects, and makes it quite easy
to perceive her presence and track her movements. The sigil
can be "turned off" by the character by expending one Will-
power per Thorn point spent on the sig

shadow causes the char-
are that accompanies her

Poche: Casandra
Shadowguide Player: Ueack

Shadow Traits: 2 points — You can buy one dot of any
Attribure or Ability that the Shadow can bestow as a bonus to
the Dice Pool for that Trait. You must specify the Attribute of
Ability when the Thorn is bought during the creation of the
hadow. The character may access the Shadow Trait at will,
but the Shadow gains one temporary Angst each time the char-
acter accepts help and makes a roll using the Shadow Trait.

Aura of Corruption: 2 points — The Shadow warps the
character, making him distasteful to other wraiths: perhaps he
stinks terribly, or his voice is grating, or his body of countenance
is disfigured, orhe has a monstrous form, ec. The difficulties ofall
rolls involving social interactions with other wraiths are raised by
‘wo. This Thom can be purchased only once

Shadow Call: 2 points — The Shadow has the power to
summon Spectres by calling to them in the Tempest. By spend-
ing an Angst point and succeeding in an Angst rol (difficulty
7), the Shadow can summon Spectres. The number and
strength of the Spectres are determined by the number of sue-
cesses on the Angst roll. The character must be in the Tem-
pest to use this Thorn.

Pact of Doom: 3 points — The Shadow can make a pact
with its host, granting increased knowledge of Arcanos in ex:
change for greater control. Each pact spells out the host's du
ties and exactly how much Arcanos knowledge is granted. A
pact cannot be forced on a character — she must accept it

Shadow

Ircheipesthe'Leech

"Abandoniart (Paid) 0000
00000

00000
00000)
00009)


knowingly. When a pact is made, the Shadow gains a number
of permanent Angst points equal co the level or levels of
Arcanos it teaches. A Shadow doesn't re to know the
‘Arcanos to teach it: it may simply access that information from
the body of arcane knowledge all creatures of Oblivion can
‘xcess. This Thorn can be purchased only once.

Tainted Touch: 3 points — Whenever the character touches
something or someone, there is a chance the thing or person will
become tainted with Oblivion. Roll three dice (difficulty 6). The num-
ter of successes equals the number of Angst points or Health Levels
tha the Shadow inflicts on the target. The character can fight cis,
Thom by spending a Willpower point and making a Willpower roll
(difficulty 6); the numberof successes on the roll must equal orexceed
the Taine roll This Thom may be purchased only once.

‘rick of the Light: 3 points — The Shadow can subely
alee the perceptions of a character to fit its needs. This is a
very, very subtle power of the Shadow, but is extremely potent
when used correctly, The Shadow spends one Angst point per
scene to maintain the perception-shift. Note that this tool only
covers one sense per use: multiple senses require multiple ex-
penditures of Angst. The Shadowguide, not the Storyteller,
describes what the character senses.

Bad Luck: 3 points — The Shadow can spend Angst points
toreduce the number of successes gained by its host character,
justas the player ean spend Willpower to increase the number
of successes,

Doppelganger: 3 points — The Shadow can appear us one
completely different person. The person can be known of un-
Jnown. This makes it difficult for the character's friends to
recognize him if his Shadow takes over.

Shadow Familiar: 5 points — The Shadow has a smaller
spirit of Oblivion that acts as its familiar spire. This familiar
can be the Shadows eyes, ears and voice. It is usually rela-
tively harmless, for itis not meant to be anything more than a
spy. The familiar is small, but may be any shape desired by the
Shadow.

Freudian Slip: 5 points — By spending an Angst point,
the Shadow may cause the character to take an involuntary,
suden, action, or may insert a single, unbidden thought into
the character's head. This can be resisted by the character
spending a Willpower poine and making a Willpower roll (dif
fiulty 2). One success is needed to resist.

Shadow
Whenever thee

fe: 5 points — The Shadow lives a parallel life.
acter Slumbers, the Shadow takes over and
acts without her knowledge. This can lead to some very inter
‘sti

problems as the character meets people whom the
Shadow has wronged or attacked in some way. The character
may not even know about this property of his Shadow. For two

more points of Thom, the character suffers a mental block
about the fact. This Thom may be purchased only once.
Devil's Dare: 7 points — By investing a number of Angst
Points into a single command and writing that command on a
note to be passed to a player, the Shadowguide can stipulate


some action that the Psyche must take. The Devil's Da
: that the

then the chi
to the Angst invest

in the dare.

A Final Note on Shadow Creation

Although the Shadow is a very important part ofa char
re that the Shadow's

docs
eet. Even though the

syche of that char

c, the players
is more importa '

cing the shadow

} Th of the Shadow are offered
alle

have an impo
resent this dark urge within the wraith. I
the Shadow, you need to know what drive
Shadow. When act
of the An
miliarize

When you roleplay another character's Shadow, y
whisper, thus in

ating that it is the Shadow and not yout
primary character who
while dot

eaking. Pointing at the

> make your intenti
make it clear that it
ut the Shadow:

Pic Tome: The War wit the Shadow

is no light without shadow
Khan, The Shadow

adow within each wraith ultimately seeks one
be united with Oblivion. The characte
what imprisons it. The Corpus acts as th

che is

vestiges of a
mortal cocoon. A transformation a

Many Shad
on one specific g
k toward it. The

ave unknowab or cannot fixate

fost, however, ha

ry goal is usually the


Dak Pasion

The Shadow cannot understand "finer" em
‘emotions like love or hope are at best facades.
ing Passions, burning needs that it must fulfil.

ing Dark Passions can strengthen the Shadow. Each
Dark Passion has a purpose. The purposes of the Shadow are
often the opposite of whar the Psyche is trying to achieve. For
instance, if the Psyche seeks to protect a lover, the Shadow
ay seek to destroy him. Whenever the Shadow fulfills the
jupose of a Dark Passion, it can roll its Passion score (diffi-
«alty 7). The number of successes on the roll indicates the
‘amount of Angst the Shadow receives. The Storyteller has the
option of changing the purposes of Dark Passions from session,
tosession, although the emotions behind them should remain.
the same.

The fulfill the essence of his Dark Passion (as
indicated by the attached emotion) by forcing an emotion on or
evoking an emotion from someone else. With Dark Passions, wit-
resing For instance, ifa Dark Passion
‘sckiven by fear, if the Shadow can evoke fear from someone, it
wil fulfill that Dark Passion. If the Shadow achieves this goal,
then it can roll its Passion score (difficulty 9) and receive an
amount of Angst equal to its successes. Some examples of Dark
Passions are: lust, fear, anger, hate, despair, frustration, pain or
‘ynicsm, It should be noted, however, that some Dark Passions
ate merely repressed emotions, not necessarily "dark" ones.

More information on developing Dark Passions is detailed
inthe section on Cathars, below.

Citharss
*y SAG) his is not hell, nor am I our of it.
‘Christopher Marlowe, Doctor Faustus
Whenever temporary Angst exceeds
the Psyche's permanent Willpower, the
Shadow can attempt to dominate the
wraith. If this happens, the Shadow con-
trolsall the wraith's actions. The player, not
the Shadowguide, runs the character, but must conform to the
Shadow personality.

The Catharsis Roll: The Shadow makes a control roll by
spending one temporary Angst point and rolling a number of
10 its temporary Angst. The Psyche may resist with
ent) Willpower roll, adding Eidolon dice if appro-
priate. Both rolls are at a difficulty of 6. The Shadow stays in.
control for an entire scene, at which time it returns control to

the Psyche.

When the Shadow is dominant, it interacts with the world
the only way it knows how. It can gain Angst through its Dark

Thoms, such as Doppelganger, Shadow Relic and Infamy. Ie
may not cause the Psyche to regain Pathos, nor can it refuel
the Pathos of the Psyche once it is spent. The
expend Willpower, nor can it reduce the character's Pathos
below 1

‘The Shadow uses Catharsis as a threat: it isthe ulti
attack against the Psyche. During Catharsis, che Shadow
choose to "cut off" a Psyche from his senses, thereby perform-
ing things in secret that will later come back to haunt the
character. This effect can only be resisted with E

Anest

GPA 82° represents the degree of pain and iso-
REX 4 lation a wrath fel, and indicates the rl
BRAG vive strength of the Shadow, Again, ifthe

H) Shadow has 10 points of temporary Angst
while itis dominant, it ean trade these for
one point of permanent Angst: As perma-
nent Angst grows, the character slips ever

closer to Oblivion.

Gaining Angst

There are several ways the Shadow can gain Angst:
* Shadow Dice: The Shadow can offer her Psyche extra
dice on any roll that the player makes. One point of Angst is
gained for cach botch that occurs on the Shadow dice. (For
‘each "I" rolled on Shadow Dice, subtract one success, but only
from the Shadow Dice.) The Shadow can offer a maximum of

five extra dice to any roll.

* The Shadow's Passions: By accomplishing its goals,
the Shadow can gain Angst points. Roll the appropriate Dark
Passion in situations where the Shadow is fulfilling that
sion (difficulty 7), and add one point of Angst for every suc
cess. When the Shadow forces the emotion underlying a Dark
Passion on someone else instead of fulfilling the purpose, the
difficulty is 9.

* Arcanos: Some Arcanos give the Shadow Angst even
when the Psyche is dominant (see Arcanos, Chapter Six).

Important Note: If the Shadow is dominant, it can still
use Arcanos, but powers that normally give the user Angst

instead cost the Shadow Angst. Regardless of which "side"

Ofcourse, if the Storyteller feels that itis appropriate, she
may decide to give the Shadow a point of Angst based on the
roleplaying of a scene. The player should agree to this, but any
scene conveying the separation and alienation of a character
‘may result in a point of Angst.

proved the most effective me
Wraith. (

h
11 might options

© In small group, it may be possible for the S

Thisk

voryteller very bu cus of an
ir J confronting the Shadow rathe:

ith the physical wor

n this manner ean prove to be a challenge

pother variation of the using
oryteller to take care of record

i rant
keep
nh

Storyteller sits opposi

guiding for the entire group
ally if th
Hl

the The jgame gi

another level of complexity as the trate

vn plot, the ph entrat 10h

he

and th
» corrupting and misleading
ch

contr OUD

ariation isto han xlowguide re

ven dui C
of play
n must he taken

of Catharsis. While

eryone is comfortable with the game at all times. Advis

total control over that aspect of the ¢
ons. A\

sow and
vups play th

one ¢ our own Psyche at the sim

Losing Angst
There

re several ways the Shadow can lose Angst:

ly designed ro reduce the Angst of another wraith. Note,
however, that unless a wraith is using the Arcanos: Defiance,

cif

he may not Castigate himself

* Using certain Arcanos while the Shadow is dominant:
When the Psyche is dominant, some Arcanos

ive a wraith
Angst if he fails or botches a roll. If the Shadow is dominan

these Arcanos instead reduce Angst. Arcanos that normally
cost Willpower actually increase Willpower if the Shadow is
dominant.

* Botching any roll when the Shadow is dominant: The
Shadow cannot stand to see its own failure. If the Shadow
botches any roll while dominant, it loses a point of temporary
Angst.

The Harrowing

Like you, I am tasting my heart for the frst
| time
Like you, I am feeding on slumber
Like you, I've left my eyes far behind me
Down for the count and still drowning.
Chistian Death, "The Drowning"

Because wraiths do not have to fear death, many of them
act with impunity in the Underworld, thinking that they are
ortal in their Restless state. This is not tue
When a wraith loses all her Corpus, she immediately ph
into the Tempest. Here, she experiences a nightmare staged

somehow ii

ges

for her by her Shadow. This process is called the Harrowing

The Harrowing is like a theatre of torture, highly ritual-
istic challenge. Iti designed to empower the Shadow and rip
apart those things so dear to the wraith: her own Passions and
Fetters

The stage is set in the Labyrinth, a twisted network of
tunnels and caverns, chambers and endles stairs that the Spec
tues use to move about the Tempest. The Labyrinth responds
to the Shadow's ministrations, evoking scenery of stark night-

ad other
th,
le Payche. The
adow, who whispers the wraith's darkest se
bled hordes, and who manipulates them like

mare at a moment's whim. The players are shades
dread creatures of the Labyrinth. Th
bodiless, withou

e star is the fallen w

a shell co surround her

director is the SI

erets to the asse

The result is horror created expressly for the wraith. And
the last act, the Shadow hopes, will be the wraith's plunge
into Oblivion,

The Beginning

It is important to establish a sense of norm

ly for the
beginning of the Harrowing. The character regains semblance
of a body, although this is not his Corpus: it is merely a i
projection. Usually, the Shadow chooses a typical scene from

the life of the wraith, thus giving the wraith a sense of deja vu,

although some Shadows start with the gore right away. In some
cases, the Shadow will choose the Quarry of the Harrowing,
an aspect of the character that it will attempt to destroy. This
is either a particular Passion (in which case the Hai
sed with a motif, mood or tone representing that Passion)

owing is

or a particular Fetter (in which case the Quarry is part of the
scenery or one of the players in the dark drama). If the Har-
rowing began because the character lost all his levels of Ci

pus or all his Willpower, there is no Quarry. The character is
on the verge of Oblivion


Ifa Fetter or Passion is targeted, the Shadowguide should
choose it with care. The Quarry should be a Passion or Fetter
that the character has neglected, or one that has troubled the
character. It is easier to destroy a weak Passion or Fetter than

itis to destroy a strong one

The Shadow must spend six temporary Angst points in
order to initiate a Harrowing for the purpose of severing a Fe
{er or extinguishing a Passion. If a Shadow doesn't have six
‘Angst points to spend, it cannot initiate a Harrowing, although
itcan still ry to call Shades to the wraith's location. In this
«ase, the wraith's Psyche simply floats helplessly in the Te
pest for a number of scenes equal to his highest Fetter rating,
atwhich point it snaps back to that Fetter in the Shadowlands,
and the wraith's C

The Middle

Next, you advance the plot of the nightmare along simple
lines and introduce other characters. These characters will be
played either by the Shadow (in most cases) or by various Spec-
tres, Build the mood and tone of the story and add some repul-

pus re-forms.

System: You may want to let the character involved in
the story make Ability rolls. This is also the stage where the

character may make Eidolon rolls (difficulty 9) to change as
pects of the nightmare. The change must make sense in terms
of the story being told, anid it can only serve to defend and
help the wraith escape the Harrowing. In general, even suc
cessful Ability rolls should only prolong the terror, merely
ing the character the illusion of control over an inexorable
force.

Ihe End

During the climax of the Harrowing, the wraith is pre-
sented with a dilemma. The outcome of the dilemma deter
mines whether or not the wraith loses the target of the Har-

rowing, which must be included as part of the nightmare.
System: The dilemma shouldn't be a simple roll. You

should either make it a decision on the part of the character,

which you then judge in terms of a "successful" decision,
"Allure" decision ora "borch" decision; or make the dil
outcome dependent on roleplaying culminating in a si
modified roll.

Success: Successfully solving a dilemm:

lets a wraith es
‘ape from the Harrowing. He is snapped back to a Fetter, where
his Corpus re-forms (the wraith regains a number of Corpus
Levels equal to Stamina). No Willpower is lost (any spent dur-
ing the Harrowing is regained), nor does the wraith lose a Fe
teror Passion.

Failure: When a wraith fails to solve a dilemma, he must
toll the rating of his Passion or Fetter (difficulty 8). He loses a

Anson 94

number of points from the rating equal to his number of fail
ures or botches. Still, he escapes the Harrowing and can roll
for Corpus renewal normally.

Botch: If a wraith botches the dilemma, he loses the Pas:
sion of Fetter outright. Additionally, he plays right into the
‘Shadow's clutches and experiences a moment of weakness as
it triumphs. The Shadow rolls its Angst versus the wraith'
Willpower: if the Shadow wins, the character is dead forever.

Ifthe Harrowing began because the character was reduced
to 2er0 Corpus, zero Passion or zero Willpower, no one Fetter
or Passion is applicable, so no such roll is made. The character
is directly confronted by the possibility of her own death, The
end of the Harrowing results in an opposed roll between pet:
manent Willpower and permanent Angst. If the Shadow win
the characteris utterly consumed by Oblivion

Here are some ideas about how you could run a Harrow.
ing, based on the Shadow's Archetype.

Abuser

except for somewhere, off in the distance, a strang
grating coming from another room. You walk through your old
house, looking here and there. Mother? Father? Who's there?
You turn the corner, and.

Middle: ...there stands your fat
razor. He looks down at you and hi
freeze. He starts to shave your eyebrows, your hair...he moves
the cold steel across your skin and soon you're totally hairless.
You shiver. He screams, "DON'T MOVE!" and slaps you.

End: ...you try to scream back at him, to run, and you run,
through the door of the bathroom, trying to escape. You run
outside, through the front door. Your father chases you, scream-
ing obscenities, his eyes blazing red like fire. Looking up in the
window, you see your sister, her hair on fire, waving down at
you, crying. As the house goes up in flames, you beg
You reach out to grab your sister, and you rise past h
bling to reach her hand. Will you save her?

Success: You grab her hand and, for a moment, remember
of peace lon

to rise,

a brief momes
your sister say, "Thank you.
Failure: Your sister screams as the flames engulf her, and
you turn a
Botch: You scream as your sister transforms into a hore
rible beast that snaps at you, and a fiery a
over.

Director

Begi
stretch off in all directions. Doorways line the corridors. Each
doorway has a small red button next t tons flash
slowly, on and off. You push a button, x

10. As you rise up, you hear

burns you all

g: All around you, you see hallways. Corridors


Middle: ...one of the doors opens. It leads down another
hallway, and you follow it. You catch flashes of terrible scenes
from your previous life as you pass the tiny windows in the

ind you run to identify the origin of the sound. Your
‘comer and discover your Shadow seated at a desk. He
n. Please — sit down. I won't bite. Not yet any-

" He offers you a seat, and you sit.

End: ...and your Shadow smiles as he clicks a button on a
small box in his hand. Two blinds slowly recede, revealing two of
your loved ones behind two-way glass. They are both bound and

andre slow

throw it through the glas,
shattering it. As lighe surrounds you and you start to move
upward, you

ab your loved one and pull her to safery.
Fallure: You wrestle with your Shadow and throw a chai through
one of the windows, which s

x. You grab your loved one, but, 2s
)ourise slowly into the air, you realize chat you are holding a dummy
male to look like your loved one. Turning, you ee your other loved
one's feet disappear into the acid tank below him.

Botch: Ye
tonon d

wrestle with your Shadow, who pushes a but-
box in his hand. Both of your loved ones drop im-
mediately into their pits of acid. Your Shadow laughs as acid
spills out into the room you

in, burning your feet and filling
the room with a sickly sweet smell

in public, walking down the street, a

nameless individ

you. All of a sudd ley-

way. A finger crooks in your direction. You turn to look, and.
Middle: ...you se

the crowd. Faceless people walk past

, Someone whispers to you from an

old friend of yours. He gives you a key

2" You hear voices and see

You nun, and they call out your name.
End:... you run behind the warehouse and down to the door.

Opening the door with your key, you see a whole bunch of people
just lke you, hiding

hed down, trying not tobe seen. This is
here you belong. You go and embrace one of your old friends
any begin co dance. Suddenly, a gunshor reverberates through the
room, and your fiend convulses in your arms. You whirl around
and see the men with torches standing in the stairway, laugh-
you.

Success: You scream in anger at the men with guns, who
stand there looking befuddled. They step back. Your anger is
like fire. You step forward, rising up, surrounded by light. You
tellthem to get the hell out and never come back. One by one
they leave, and as you rise up, you see others standing up and
shouting out their ra

ing at you, calling you awful things, their guns leveled

lure: You attack the men. One by one, they empty their
shotguns into you. As you rise up in a nimbus of crimson light,


you realize that the o
laugh at their own fear.

Botch: You attack the mob, but somehow they' on you. They
grab you, calling you "Freak," and cary you outside. There's a fire
there for you, and they lth you toa stake. They hold a brand tothe
kindling, and you scream as the flames begin to sear your legs.

leech

Beginning: You're sitting down to a bountiful feast. les
elegant and tasty; everything on the table is something that
you love to eat. Iesall there for you. Then, you hear someone
calling you in the next room.

Middle: ...you see your Shadow there, lying on the bed
demanding to be fed, complaining, saying that you don't care
about him, that you only care about yourself. You bring him
food and drink, and try to fluff his pillows, but nothing is
enough. Still he complains, whining, demanding, griping.

End: ...until, finaly, he stops and plaineively asks if you re
ally care about him. And how you plan to show him. And then he
asks you to feed him some more, and you do, and you begin to fee!
empty inside. You realize he's sucking your soul from your boul.

Success: Finally, indignantly, you throw down the serving
tray. You take a piece of bread for yourself, and as the light
surrounds you and you begin to rise, you see your Shadow
scream in pure jealousy and rage.

Failure: You cram more and more food into th
hideous mouth. Finally he gets ov fou seream as he
clamps down on your fingers and bites them off.

Botch: He eats more and more, and you soon run out of
food. Finally, the Shadow opens his maw and begins to take
bites out of your flesh — but you are cold and dead. You feel
no pain and can only watch in horror as he consumes you.

Martyr

Beginning: You're on an airplane, thousands of feet in the

s you left behind are cowering as they

alous.

air. Suddenly, shots ring out, and a masked terrorist storms
through the plane.

Middle: ...standing up, you offer yourself as a hostage, to
protect the other innocents on the plane. The gunman drags
you up to the flight deck. One of the flight crew screams and
breaks free, pushing and kicking at the terrorist. You see‘him
lower his machine gun, and you step in front of the bullets..

End: ...you feel hot lead rip through you as you fall for-
ward. Blood sprays everywhere. The terrorist steps over you.

Success: ...and you see remorse in his eyes. As you are
surrounded in light and begin to rise up, you realize that you
did not die in vain. Your death had a lasting effect on him.

Failure: ...and you see that your death was meaningless.
He unloads the rest of his clip into the crew member and stalks
down the aisle, looking for more victims.


Botch: ...and you realize that, somehow, you're still ive. So

youstand up 9 Again youstand. Again
shot. You take +ts for everyone on the plane. Fi-
in an or ‘struction, you make your way to the
pressure door and slam it open. You leap out into nod

Monster

Beginning: You're comfortably ensconced in your bed,
lurching the covers around you. You look ar the shadows on.
the wall, and they slowly begin to move.

Middle: ...all around the bed, ten

les whip and writhe

One of the tentacles lashes out for your teddy bear, grabs it,
and yanks it away. You grab at the teddy bear, trying to save it,

and more tentacles wrap around you. They begin to drag you
offthe bed. Ye

End: ...you get up, wrench you

scream, but you know no one will hear you.

eddy away, and run toward

and
you trip and fall, The tentacles pull you closer; you strain against
your slimy bonds. You reach out to flick the switch, and,

the light switch. One of the monster's tentacles snares

‘The monster
Tighe
Failure: ...you flick on the light, and it illuminates the

Success ...you flick it on. Light floods the r00

vanishes, leaving only a trail of slime, as you rise up into
awost terrible monster you've ever seen. You scream in horror,
dropping your teddy bear. The last thing you sce, save for a
with
in the acid of the thi

Botch: ...a tent
tentacle, then anoth

et of slime-covered tentacle

s body.

‘grabs your hand just us you try. A
then another, then another... co

whole body, dragging ss the floor to the gaping, open beak.

Parent

Beginning: You're with the most beautiful person you've

ever been with, and it's going well. You start to get intimate,
and suddenly the door to yout room flies open...

Middle: ...your Par
approval on his face, He screams at your lover to get out,
ng with him. He car-
stairs to "wash your mouth out"

t Shadow stands there, a look of

your lover vanishes. There is no rea

End: He fills a sink with water and wrestles you into place,
thrusting your head under the water. The soapy water fills your

mouth, and he brings your head uy

in. "Are you ever going

tobe with that nasty person again?" he screams,

Success: You spit the water out at your Shadow, covering

his face in soap. He screams in rage as you

He is sill

demanding that you "come right back down her
screaming as you leave

Failure: ¥
Parent smiles and says, "Thae's more like my ba
into a bedroom and straps you to the bed. "Nighty-Night,
Parent says, and shuts out the light. You are utterly alone

shake your head slowly. "No," you mutter. Your

the


"Yes!" through a mouthful of soapy water.
Youé Parent backhands you, sending you reeling into the wall
He begins to recite a litany of every bad, dirty, terrible thing
that you've ever done, all the whil wg your head and
thrusting you under the water again... and again... and agai

You feel your life drain from you as the water fills your lungs.

Perlectionst

Beginning: It's the morning of your big interview. Every-
1: has to be perfect. You go to the mirror and check your
suit to see how you look...

Middle:
1d, which you pull away

..and you look perfect — except for one stray
you get into the taxicab —

ud halfway to yo sou find another thread. You
pull ic out, Another one. And still more threads, sprouting
from your suit like black weeds.

End: You reach your interview after throwing a handful of
threads in the 1. Your Shadow is there, seated behind the desk.
As you walk in, you re of the room is
unt mirror, one des
‘You begin the

Suc

thr

that an entire wa
1d cunningly to show every part of you
and look down at your sleeve. A thread?

|, concentrating on the in-
tly brings up the thread,

nore the th

alow const

bat you feel that its of no concer, and say so. As you rise up
into the light, your Shadow begins unraveling his own suit
Failure: You tug on the thread. It seems to be stuck. You tug
an feel that this is a
its way thro

again. It starts to come through, and you
pretty important thread. It seems to wind
entite uit. You pull on it again, and it comes entirely fr

gh your
Then,
looking down, you realize that your entire suit hascome apart and
is pooled around your ankles. You look at the
"T'mafraid we have no openings for you right now,
nditn

Botch: You tug on the thread, complet
find another one, and another one, until finally you're obsessed
with unraveling your clothes. The inter calmly wa
and then begins going over your résumé while you pull out threads,
He brings up every small mistake thae you've ever made, and you
realize, suddenly, chat you won't be getting the job at all Infact as
the Shadow gleefully tells you, you've been blacklisted from your
entire industry. Looking up, you realize that everything is lave,
and thar the greatest flaw is your continued existence. The end of
the thread is attached to your flesh, and you begin to rear it away.

Pusher

Beginning: You're ata really nice party, and you feel grea
You haven't even thought of alcohol. You sit down on the couch.
and realize that someone's left an entire bottle of expensive


whiskey right there in front of you. You see a glass with ice
cubes sparkling next to it. Your hand starts to shake.
Middle: ..you reach out to take the gla

one offers you a mirror with cocaine on it. You reach for that,

id then some-

to0, and someone offers you a remote control, which he sticks
in your hand. You're trying to experience everything. Some:
one is stuffing food in your mouth.

ind watch:
arty has long since
left. Your Shadow stands next to you with a hypodermic needle,
Let's really burn it up.

ab the needle from him and throw it across
you throw of all of the other crap and run
for the door. As you run through the open doorway, rising up
into the light, you hear your Shadow say, "You'll be back..."

the room. Standi

Failure: You grab the needle from him and plunge i into
your arm, You feel the white fire dancing through you; you feel
invincible. Your Shadow

you over toa window and whispers
1 un toward the window, throwing
ndlessly falling, into the dark.
Botch: He plunges the needle into your heart, shoot
the white fire d
asitbumns all o

‘one word in your e
yourself through it. You fal,

in the midst of it you realize that this is what you want, to fee!
the w

fire and to burn up in it. You fall over, and the last
thing you remember is your Shadow smiling at you,

Rationalist

Beginning: You're roaring down a winding road la
night, feeling the exhilaration of speed
your

the car responds to
ghtest

Mickle

of you, and yo

aly your headlights illuminate
ye cuts in front

brakes and skid to

dial the number of the local police. They arrive a
handcuffs for the

putyouin @
ime. As you o the Shadowlands,
Shadow shakes his head in disbelief
lure: You get back in the car, close the door and say, "Noone
has to know." dow agr
Botch: You get back in the car and drive off. You're driv
ing fast on a high mountain road. Your Shadow tells you to 9
bear left, and you do so. Your car flies off the side of the moun-

tain, spinning end over end, and crashes in a deep gorge.

You drive off into the darkness.



his chapter discusses the different w
we during the course of
chronicle. It describes many different s

character can ch;

tems for resol

ng changes to character
| whether the change in q c

SE8} cumulation of experience or the ace

on of wounds,

‘This chapter is divided into three sections, each of which
discusses u number of different systems for implementing cha
s. Character Development describes how Traits

ates includes systems
es. Mental States includes

One of the most

is seeing them change over tin
velop and grow is lik
eyes. In Weaith, how
the character gets be

ching a character de-
hild grow up before your
development doesn't always mean
It oft
and steadily sinks into the abyss.
sat

and try toappre
ity or your mind

echiny

means the character slowly
Such is the nature of this
ting better and surviving the rough periods,

the artistic impact of losing your human-

Focus on,

Thisisa chapter of permutations, not rules. There is noth:
ing contained in the next several pages that you need to know,
only things you might wane to know.

Chapter Eight:
Systems

Understanding does not cure evil, bu it isa definite help, inas-
much as one can cope with a comprehensible difficulty far more
| easily than with an incomprehensible darkness

| — Carl Jung, Preface to Psyche & Symbol

Character Development

,°a Hasidic master remarked, "did not say §
that ‘it was good' after creating man; this indi-
cates that while the catle and everything else
were finished after being created, man was not
finished."

—Erich Fromm, You Shall Be As Gods
This section discusses the ways char-
acter can increase (or decrease) in power and abilities. y

Experience Points
Humans ning n

re lea

figures, but new ways of being, we can make ourselves into

what we want to be. Cl

Inge occurs in wraiths as well,

Duringa story, characters learn many things. Much of what
they learn is not the type of thing 1
character sheets, but rather something the players simply keep
in mind. They may have learned never to | Nihil @
unwatched or never to walk into a dark alley with a light be
hind them. Sometimes, however, what characters learn can be
recorded.

t can be recorded on


points to each character, normally giving the same amount to
H cach one. The players then simply record how many experience
pointsthey gained. Experience points can be used to increase Traits.
The cost for raising Traits varies widely; see the chart below for
specifics. The cost is almast always based on the present rating
times a certain number. Thus, if the character has an Alertness
ratingof 2, and the player wants to raise it to 3, ie costs four expe-
rience points to doo. Ifthe character does not have the Trait at
all, the cose is listed asa "new Trait. A Trait ean only be raised
cone dor per story — never more.

Roleplay it

As the Storyteller, you should not let a player spend her
experience points to raise any Trait she wishes — it' a little
more involved than that. The increased Trait must be some-
thing the character had a chance to learn of use during the
story — either the character achieved great success through
usc of the Trait, or she made a big mistake from which she
Jearn. In the case of Willpower, something must have actually
‘occurred to bolster the character' self-confidence.

You should only allow Trait increases if they have been or
‘can be wover 10 the story. At the very least, changes need to
make sense in terms of the story and not simply be changes the
player makes because she wants her character to be a certain way.
This experience system can be as realistic as you make it. The
more you force the players to make sense oftheir experiences, the
nore character development as a whole is furthered.

Awarding Experience Points

The older a man grows, the more mysterious life becomes to
HY him, We sometimes say to a youth that when he grows up he will
know more, but that isa haif-eruth. In general, an increasing expe-
rience of life only deepens the sense of its mystery.
Harry Emerson Fosdick, Riverside Sermons

Assigning experience points requires a careful balance
between rewarding the players and maintaining game balance.
IF you follow the guidelines below, you probably won'e get into
too much trouble, but feel free to experiment as you see fit.

End of Each Chapter

Give cach character one to five experience points at the
end of each chapter (game session). One point is given whether
or not the Circle succeeds or fail, as a function of simply par-
f ticipating (remember, sometimes we learn despite ourselves).

* One point — Automatic: Each player gets one point
after every game session.

* One point — Learning Curve: The character leamed
something from his experiencesduring the chapter. Ask the player
todescribe what his character learned before you award the point.

* One point — Acting: The player roleplayed well —
not just entertainingly, but appropriately. Award for exceptional
roleplaying only; your standards should get increasingly higher,
In most cases, award this only to the person who did the best
roleplaying in the troupe.

* One point — Concept: The player acted out het
character's concept very well.

* One point — Heroism: When a character risks herself
for others, such as when she suffers multiple dseupti
Corpus fighting off spectres while the rest ofthe Cire
give her an experience point. Don't let characters take
of this; there isa fine line between heroism and stupidity.

End of Bach Story

At the end of each story, you can assign each player one
to three additional experience points over and above the one
to five points earned for completing the chapter.

* One point — Success: The Circle succeeded in its im-
mediate mission or goal. Perhaps it was not a complete suc-
cess, but atleast a marginal victory was achieved,

* One point — Danger: The character experier
danger during the story and survived.

* One point — Wisdom: The pl
acter) exhibited great wits or resourcefulness, or eame up with
an idea that enabled the Circle to succeed.

If you want to award even more points, thus allowing the
characters to develop even more quickly, simply invent new
categories in which to award experience. These can even vary
from story to story, and can be based on the specific circum
stances of that story.

Personality Development

Arman is exactly what he has made himself and what he there-
fore deserves to be.
Franklin Edgerton, The Bhagavad-Gita

A character's personality can change over the course of
the chronicle, but for the most par, the changes occur through
roleplaying and not simply by changing the character sheet.
For instance, character motivations change with the passing
of time. Deciding when and how a character's motivations
change can add great depth to roleplaying. However, when a
character's Demeanor or true Nature changes, the change
should be recorded on the character sheet. No aspect off
sonality can change through the use of experience points.

Demeanor

Though the Demeanor listed on the character sheet is sim-
ply the way the character most commonly presents herself, itis
not an absolute standard of behavior. Changing the Demeanor of
a character may help the player focus on the change in personal-

ed great

yer (and thus the char-


increasing and Decreasing Traits

osts for permanently raising the Traits listed below

his roleplaying.
might suggest th

Experience Chart

Cost

to who and what Arcanos Level of Arcanos x 3
ange in Nature Inve current rating
different


Raising Arcanos

raith to learn Arcanos on his own, but

cess reduces the cost of learni
character with four dot
culty 6); each success
to get thar Arcanos.

Willpower

Characters ca
perience points; sometimes the Storyteller may give a playera
specific chance to raise his Willpower. The opportunity to gain
Willpower isa great motivation for stories, especially the more

duces by one the experience point cost

aise their maximum Willpower with ex-

bizarre ones.

When temporary Willpower reaches zero, the Shadow will

attempt a Harrow
ith's ent Willpower drops to zero, the wraith

ousness and becomes.a Drone. A Drone is never
aracter.

loses all e

a playe

Passions

Ie gets dark, it gets lonely
Oo from you.

I pine alot, 1 find alot,

other side

Cross through
Kate Be
Losing a Passion

The Storyteller has complete control over whether of not a
diminishes. There are ewo ways that a Passion can diminish

h, "Wuthering Heights"

lects a Passion, over time it will

eels that a wraith has neglected
n call for a Passion roll (difficulty 9) to see if

her Passion, he
the Passion rating is reduced by one. A botch indicates that
two points of Passion are lost

Harrowing: The Harrowing is soul-scarring experience.
ocus, oF Quarry, of a Harrow
of the Harrowing, her entre

Often, a wrai
ing. Ifshe fails to resist

Numbing:
power to numb
ith's Passions. 1

reduce the wraith's Pa pg. 232)

Ifa wraith's Passion is reduced to zero, it vanishes and can.

no longer give him Pathos. That tie to his mortal life has been

h loses all his Passions, he immediately slips
into Oblivion and ceases to be a character.


a
ccs
Metts De SPN.
Inereasing a Passion
There are no hard-and-fast rules for increasing or gaining
anew Passion. Passions only increase at the behest of the Sto-
ryteller, who must make a decision based on roleplaying and
the circumstances of her chronicle. Passions may not be in-
creased by spending experi
Although a player can suggest when a Passion of hers
should be increased, the Storyteller has final say in the matter.

ached roll: the Storyteller simply tells the player
Experience points need not be spent on the

\ce points,

‘The Storyteller should permit a Passion's increase only in

stances, after a major event in the character's
existence. The increase should make sense in terms of the Pas-
sion and the character.

Gaining a New Passion

‘A wraith may gain a totally new Passion only by becom.
ing involved with the li world and interacting with the
living, The Storyteller decides when a new Passion is gained,
although a player may choose not to accept the offer of a new
Passion if she does not feel that the Passion is wa ited. The
new Passion cannot be rated greater than 3, but may be in-
creased from there.

Fetters

Give me life
Give me pain
Give me myself again.

—Tori Amos, "Little Earthquakes"

Losing a Feter
‘The Storyteller has complece control over whether or not

‘Fetter diminishes. There are three ways that a wraith may
lose a Fetter:

Destruction: If a wraith's Fetter dies or is destroyed, she
loses her connection to that Fetter immediately. For this
son, most wraiths seck to protect their Fetters.

‘The Harrowing: A wraith's Fetter might be the Quarry
ofa Harrowing. The entice Fetter can be lost if the wraith fails
the Harrowing.

Rending: A Spectre, particularly a Shade, can rend a
whith' Fetter, thus reducing its rating by one.

Ifa wraith's Fetter is reduced to zero, it no longer binds
him to this world. Ifa wraith loses all her Fetters, she can no
longer operate in the Shadowlands: she can only stay there for
afew atthe very most. Wraiths without Fetters should
cither find a "safe" residence in the Tempest or emigrate to
Stygia or some other realm wi

Gaining Fetters

Very rarely, a wraith may gain a new Fetter by interacting
with the living world and coming to care for and ident
people, places, or things. Although there are no hard-and fast
rules for this process, it should generally be easier for a wraith
to gain a person, rather than a place or thing, as a Fetter: the
living are much more important to wrai

Backgrounds

Background Traits never change through the use of expe-
rience points. Changes to Background Traits happen during
the normal course of events in the chronicle. Eventually, the
Storyteller will note the changes, and the characters Traits
will increase (or decrease) appropriately. A player may wish to
ask the Storyteller if one of her character's Background Traits
should be changed, bur this should not be done too often.

The Storyteller may design a list of things characters must
accomplish in order to increase each Background Trait, and
the players may or may not be shown the lis. To gain a new
Contact, for example, a wraith has to find the right subject
and befriend him.

For the most parr, Background-raising decisions take place
over the course of a story. Backgrounds generally inc
dot ata time, but major victories of upsets in a story can lead
to the gain oF loss of more than one Background dot ata time.

Injury

Here's a quick impression for you: Caw! Caw! Caw! BANG!
Oh, fuck! I'm dead!

Top Dollar, The Crow

‘Wraiths are paradoxical in that they are both fragile and
incredibly resilient. Even though there are many different ways
that a wraith can be injured, only one Trait deals with injury
‘Corpus. A wraith's Corpus is the shell of plasm that surro
and protects her Psyche. A player records injuries by markit
off levels of Corpus, signifying damage to that body.

Unlike humans, who lose blood, viscera, and vital orga
when they are damaged, wraiths lose substantiality — phy:
cal coherence. When a wraith's Psyche is no longer protected
by her Corpus, it becomes extremely fragile and susceptible to
the pull that Oblivion exerts over all things.

Corpus States

Material: This stan

s accessible only through use of the
Embody Arcanos. A Material wraith is made of solidified spi
tual energy. When injured in this state, the wraith takes nor-
imal damage and suffers penalties to Dice Pools (pg. 200), just
as though she were a physical being (of course, the soak roll
still applies — see Combat in Chapter Nine).


1, Corporeal: This state is the normal state o
she exists in
‘ "through the S

corporeal (see below). A Corporeal wraith injured in the
Shadowlands receives normal Corpus damage but does not
become Incorporeal

Tncorporeal: When a wraith is Corpore:

F and is damaged
W}D by an object in the living world, he becomes Incorporeal with
HP® cespect to the living world. Thi costsa level of Corpus.
JPA His form imme ly becomes misty and indistinct. This stare

PEAS lasts for a number of tums equal to his St
Destruction: When a th loses all his Corpus, he is
immediately sucked into the Tempest. There isa strong chance
. that his Shadow will drag him into the Labyrinth and there

x begin the nightmarish experience called the Harrowing (sce
JAY The Harrowing, pp. 184). eis possible that over the
SIEM the Harrowing, the wraith m:

PR Oblivion and ceasing to be a wraith
survives the Harrowing, he is drawn back to one of his Fetters,
= where his Corpus re-forms. When this happens, he begins with

a number of Corpus Levels equal to his St

discorporate, p:
ible character.

ing on to.

LJ ‘rath: Phe Olin

Healing

Luckily for wrai
-, and they may convert their o
¥ spending a point of Pathos,
gain one of her lost Corpus Levels (only one point may be thus
spent per turn). Using the Arcanos known as Usury can also
restore a wraith's Corpus. A wraith may also heal Corpus Lev-

trrequire much
P

their ghostly shells de

Ds energy

els by Slumbering. The Slumbering character will fade into
one of her Fetters for eight hours. The player then rolls the
ina (difficulty 6); the character healsone level
red dama

Averavated Damage

oe

chai

ter

raiths so severely

that they easily These injur
known: avated wounds, are commonly inflicted by tv
cal weapons (both in the living world and the Shador
weapons made of Stygian steel, and th

lawsand teeth of spec-
tres and other foul creatures. Several Arcanos powers also have
the potential to damage wraiths (See Outrage and Usury, pp.
161 and 170). The Storyteller may declare any particularly
severe injury to be


When an aggravated wound is inflicted, the player must
cross off one Corpus Level per level of aggravated damage.
Aggravated damage may be repaired only through Slumbering
and the expenditure of three Pathos per day. Healing one ag-
grvated wound requires eight hours of Slumber or meditation
(sce the Meditation Ability on pg. 127).

If a wraith loses a toral of 10 Corpus Levels because of
aggravated damage, she immediately tumbles into Obl
Thecharacter is deemed destroyed, and the player must create
anew character.

Sources of injury

Despite wraiths' resilience, there are many ways to harm
them. Some are shared with and readily understandable by
mortals others are specific to wraiths. These sources of injury
are described below.

Characters, human or wraith, can make Stamina rolls
ilficulty 6) to "soa ach success indicates one fewer
Conpus Level (or Health Level, in the case of non-wraiths) is
lost, Each borch means an additional level is lost.

Physical objects in the world of the living can harm
wraiths, provided that the object could have harmed them in
We. Therefore, because rain, snow and Nerf Arrowstorm
urowsare not harmful to the living, they do not damage wraiths
cither. On the other hand, unfriendly contact with an oncom.
ing truck, bullet or sword — decidedly harmful things — re:
sults in the loss of a Corpus Level and the temporary

ith,

incorporeality of the wr

Conbat

‘Combat wounds are dealt with at
Firefight sections of Chapter Nine.
opponent's damage roll causes the character to lose one Cor-
pus Level. Remember that damage from an attack across the
Shroud (from the living world) merely results in the assump.
tion ofthe Incorporeal state
‘irearms work nor

ength in the Melee and
ach success on an

ly, bu fires and other chemical re-
actions produce no heat in the Shadowlands.

Darksteel

Many Stygian weapons are forged from the peculiar alloy
called darksteel. Developed by Nhudri, the Grand High Arti-
ficer steel is lloy of Stygian iron and wraith plasm
that is reportedly tempered in the stuff of Oblivion. It bites
deep into wraiths' Corpus bodies, causing aggravated damage.
Wraiths who use darksteel to attack other wraiths often gain
Angst points.

A

7

Occasionally, characters will fall. Use the chart below to.
calculate damage. Note that damage from falling is never con-
sidered "through the Shroud"; falling wraiths acrually impact
the material of the Shadowlands. Also note that there is no
constant gravity in the Tempest; at any given moment, falling
damage may be more or less than in the Shadowlands.

Distance (in feet) Injury
5 ‘One Corpus Level
10 ‘Two Corpus Levels
20 Three Corpus Levels
30 Four Corpus Levels
40 Five Corpus Levels
50 Six Corpus Levels
0 Seven Corpus Levels

..and so on, to a maximum of 10 Corpus Levels.
fire

Fire is hazardous to mortals, and can injure wraiths when,
ignited in the Shadowlands. Fire in the living world can hure
wraiths "through the Shroud," but, like any other sort of physi-
cal damage from the living world, it simply causes them to go
Incorporeal. Fire in the Shadowlands, also called barrow-flame,
always causes aggravated damage to wraiths and therefore can
potentially destroy them. Barrow-flame exists solely in the
Underworld and as such cannot harm the living. It functions
just as fire does in the world of the Quick, save for the fact that
it is cold rather than hot. It is said chat barrow-flame is fed
with the power of Oblivion.

Any size flame can potentially harm a character. The player §
may roll a number of dice equal to the character's Stamina
rating against the difficulties listed below. The player must roll
each turn the character is in the flames to see if she can resist
the damage. If the roll fails, the character takes from one to
three Health Levels of damage (sce the second chart below),
while if the roll succeeds, the character takes one fewer Health
Level of damage per success than she normally would. If the
roll isbotched, the character is harmed in some special way—
pethaps she loses her eyesight or her limbs are maimed.

Difficulty Heat of Fire
‘Three Heat of a candle (first-degree burns)

Five Heat of a torch (second-degree burns)
Seven _Heatofa Bunsen burner (third-degree burns)
Nine Heat of a chemical fire

Ten Molten Metal

Wounds Size of Fire

One Torch; part of body burned

Two Bonfire; half of body burned

i inferno; entire body burned

The Nelo

From time to time, Maelstroms sweep across the
HY Shadowlands and through the Byways. Maclstroms are vorti-
ces of pure Oblivion that originate in the heart of the Void.
Maelstroms, pg. 41, for more information. Aside from the
fact that Maelstroms carry spectres with them, they also can
B do great damage to a wraith depending upon the level of the
Maelstrom:

Maelstrom Level

Damage

One four dice
Two six dice
Three eight dice
Four 12 dice
Five I4 dice

‘A wraith may resist this damage by using Castigate or by
seeking shelter within a Haunt. Damage is per turn of contact,
with the Maelstrom.

Mortals

J] ccause wraiths frequently deal with humans,

it is important to understand what injures
Q} chem. Humans' state of injury is measured by
ih) a Trait called Health Levels. Humans have
seven Health Levels, as opposed toa wraiths
10 levels of Corpus. Health can be thought
of as a spectrum with "Bruised" at one end
at the other. Each Health Level suffered be-
+a human to suffer penalties to actions:

Mortal Health Levels

yond "Bruised" ca

Bruised No effect
Hurt a
Injured A
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled «5
Incapacitated

Mark off one Health Level for each wound that a charac-
ter takes. Wraiths suffer penalties for wounds when they are


| st six funtion just like the six levels for morcals (ran

from Hurt to Incapacitated).

Mortal Death

‘A mortal or animal who reaches Incapacitated isone Health
Level away from death. Ifshe is injured one more time, or if it is
impossible o stem the flow of blood from her boxy, she will die

Of course, mortals heal differently than wraiths do. With
mortals recover based on the fol-

woper medical arcentios

lowing chart. Note that the time given is how lo
particular Health Level — other Health L
das well. Thus, ifthe mortal takes three mo

recover th:
rnust be he:

| twrecover from being Mauled, he must still take the time to
heal Wounded, Injured and so on.

Health Level Time
Bruised ‘One Day
Hurt Three Days

One Week

One Month
Thres
Thre

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

fonths

Aonths t

‘Not only do mortals have to heal this Health Level, but
point from one Physical Attribute
hi Incapacitated he
tion; some enter comas for the rest of theit lives
mortal dies while possessed with Pupp
ay receive Corpus damage. Note that wraiths
ing the Usury Arcanos (pg. 170).

ith means falling into Oblivion. There
an reach his final death

wraith who loses all his Corpus Levels to aggravated
will attain Oblivion.

wraith who reaches a score of zero in Willpower or
wated wounds) will und a final
184). The Harrow'
At the end of the Harrowing,
the player roll permanent Willpower
roll of permanent Angst (both rolls are difficulty 6). If the
player fails, che character passes into Oblivion

Corpus (from nonags
Harrowing. (See Harrowing, pg

n opposed

© A wraith who is Harrowed by spectres will need to un-

we process of Harrowing. The spectre will usually target
a Fetter of Passion to obliterate. The Harrowing ends with a


ach point expended allows the mortal another 30:
full minute ifher Stamina

ho loses all his Passions from Harrowing
10 Oblivion.

it may not be

hostile environment. Whe
she will dic in one minute per point

poi

sufcaion and Drm a Mental States

Mortals can die by drown his section discusses the changes that can

overcome a character's psyche or the minds

4 of those around him. Many of these
Stamina Holding Breath

1 30 seconds

One minute

3 Two minutes
4 Four
5 Bight minutes

Wai leven


Jranscendence

Among those who believe thar such a thing is possible,
which a wraith ¢

mediately upon their
livion. Wh
¢ form some of thi

f wraiths.

firmly believes that Transcend

hildish fantasy supp
h it from Oblivion? Scholars are

hs have pointed out that Oblivion
and Transcendence are both an end of sorts, a loss of identity
and self. They dsn

fairy tale oF a foo!

he notion of Transcende

aise, and try to make the best of their

present situation. On the other hand, certain Hierarchs whis-

at Charon hims

was pursuing Transcend

fact have achieved

The Heretiesre the firmest peo
believing thar each p
him, OF cou

nents of Transcendence
must follow the p

c, each Heretic cult tries to

derworld thar its path is best. He
by forming mutually supportive, lik

aiths hop
and firm lone, they in
ven in th formed by I
abuse, selfishness and the taint of Oblivion

id to have a collect
ual has to find for hi

is not attainable by

+ comes about oF don thi

hics of the individual. Ren lieve tha

dance with his own consciene

ranscendence, great; if not, who

2¢ say that Transcendence is a
and Shadow are one

achieve a level of ultin
though

scende

which Psych n which Eidolon

merges with the self ce self-aware-

and inn are no hand-and fast rules

for how to p Aereti

p is to resolve any matters still tying

fe that the
ine to the livin

ugh to turn many wraiths from the


or enlighten:


to wraiths i
tably block the encounter fror
tho do not comprehend the terror of death (per
d by the Fog,
result, can pe with a successful Perception +
Alertness roll (difficulty 8).

als do not want to face their own mortality, and any
nowledgement of wraiths means that they must
lie. The Fog is the nam

fog Ratings

1 0" Catatonic Fear: The mortal is paralyze with fest, unable te take any action beyond

Willpower % of Population "Reaction

» bolts in a blind panic, going through anyone and anything

the wraith as 1 bit of undertone beet" the wind Blowing the

k: In bling, frenzied fear, the mortal nye sort of actions anyth
at the wraith to running down the street breaking, windows
tal is afraid, but is not in a panic. She will quickly try to pur as much
dlistance as possible between herself and the wraith, but she will k doors, ete

Coneciliatory: The mortal is afraid, but pleads with the wraith to spare him, leave

Controlled Fear: While this person is still aftaid, she is outwardly calm and takes

constructive action (o flee or fight as appropriate
Perhaps this I researcher into thinys supernatural or someone
19 "always thought Uncle Louie was lookin us kids, even after he died; in any

is moire fascinated than frightens

indignant homeowner who won't stand for anyone — dead or alive
space. Regardless, he stands his ground, unwilling to yiek to a "foul ereature of
darkness

action/Blasé: This person either had nerves of steel or a brain of Jell-O. For
whatever reason, this person does not react to the wraith in any way: If spoken to,

she re politely and casually. Why?



Chapter Nine:
Drama

White. A blank page, or canvas. The challenge? Bring order
to the whole through design, composition, cone, balance, symme-
try, and harmony,

Stephen'

mndheim, Sunday in the Park with George

There are many actions a player might want her character Asa general rule, have the player make a roll only when

torake during a turn — there is substantial doubt in your mind as to whether or not } J

quaintance or researching ghost st c libra ¢ the character will succeed in her action. If you can reasonably
Storyteller, you already know the rules (from reading Chapter assume she will succeed, then just let her do it.
Four) and can probably fig 's When you do start making rolls and hav
roll, but there are a few techniques and extrapolations that the same, make the rolls speci
you might find interesting. That's what this chapter isall about waste a
= it provides advice on rules systems for resolving dt
actions.

he players do
nt. Don't
thing spe
ting for you or the players
ld be a game in miniature, with strat-
and tactics to master and luck to inject the

lor of time on a dice doesn't do

tic cial for the story or that is uninte
ach roll of the dice shi

This chapter not meant to be all-inclusive. These sys-
tems are only examples of how to resolve the actions taken by
characters. Use these as guidelines and inv

vexpected.

tic scene to look up something in this chapter — just
make something up, perhaps based on a rules system you first

encountered here scene is a moment in a story when the

troupe focuses on the events at hand and

roleplays through them

You should only use one of the systems described

chapter ifa rol is erly n

if they were

ded. Ifthe roll in question is si

e not interested

1¢ into the story, use
s rules. Go to the Traits Chapter and, by

toll, none of these systems

roleplaying
tween the players and the Storytel
may involve a number of different actions,

in the drama created by putting t
the automatic su

reafing about the Trait in question, determine ifthe
succeeds or not, without rolli

waracter
ice rolls

ope Nine Drama mw

A scene is like a series of shots taken in a movie, in the

yoment in the story. It is the
when players describe their characters'
reactions ro events rather than explaining what they intend
todo.

same location and at the
essence of roleplayiny

You should do everything you can to make the scenes in.

your story as dramatic, complete and fulfilling as possible. The
more you give e

hi scene an exciting be
packed middle and a fulfilling (or strateg
the better your story becomes.

ing,
ally frustrating) e

Describe the scene not as a static picture, but asa place or
time full of life and action. It should have its own existence
apart from the characters. The Renegade leader does not sim-
ply sit at a table — while the characters are watching, he calls
‘over one of his henchmen and begins to berate him. Create an
‘open-ended story in your descriptions and invite the players'
characters to enter it. Don't force the players to animate your
creation — breathe life into it from the very beginning.

Time in the story not spent in a scene is called downtime.
This can be when characters travel or conduct extensive
search, or can simply be a period during which it isn't neces-
sary to roleplay every moment. Downtime is a break from the
intensity of the scene. Though downtime should not be over-

used (it can be relatively boris
ether. Use down

), you shouldn't av
to organize players, direct the story more
precisely, and progress the plot more quickly.

The story can turn into.a scene at almost any time. Often
i does so quite narurally, without anyone realizing it has hap-
pened. For instance, while you and the players discuss how the
characters intend to make a journey to Chicago's Necropolis,
you may begin o describe whar they see along the way. You
have gone from downtime to a scene. When you begin role
playing a Drone who floats up to them and reenacts her stran-
gulation, you have completely immersed the
By simply roleplaying without warning, you jump:
rs into their role, instantly beg

in the scene.

the play:
ining a scene.

scene is divided into turns in order to o

A) ganize and structure the arrangement of
events. A num is a variable period of time
during which characters
Such a unit helps the:

$3) of what is going on and ensures that each.


player gets the same chance todo something. In one turn, each
character should be able to do one thing. Additionally, each
player should be given about the same amount of time to de-
‘what she wants her character to do. Each turn, go around
the table in order of initiative (see below), give each player an
yy to state an action, and then go to the next person.
When you get to yourself, describe the actions of the non-
phyer characters.

Even if doing so might not make complete sense, you

should use the turn structure pretty loosely. You might, for ex-
ample, let someone climb a tree while someone else fires a
un, even though in normal circumstances climbing a tree usu-
ally takes a minute, while shooting a gun takes only three sec-
onds. Adrenaline makes people do amazing things, after all

Mile Actions

A character can perform multiple actions in a turn (such,
4s dodging and shooting a gun), but he has to divide his dice
To split a Dice Pool among different actions, the character
takes the dice from the action at which the characteris least
skilled (the one with the smallest Dice Pool) and divides that
Pool among all the a

A character with multiple actions takes his first action
ducing the normal order of initiative (unless he deliberately
delays). He may take no more than action at this time.
Ater all characters have completed theie frst (or only) ae:
tion, characters with more actions may take their second ac-
ryone has taken a
second action, play proceeds with the third and subsequent
actions in order of initiative, as above. While a character may
delay his action, he must perform it before the rest ofthe char-
acters move on to their next action, or it is lost. However, a
character can always use dice to dodge, as long as he has dice
lefcin his Pool

Action Scenes

any scenes are so full of actions and dice
rolls that they require special rules to en-
sure everything runs smoothly. These are
line is racing and pac-
g is fast. Action scenes are the fig
races and feats of danger common to ad-
venture stories. Turns during an action
scene are usually very short, lasting only three seconds oF so.
Many different types of actions can occur in an action
scene, and correlating everything can seem a litle tricky. Make
sure you carefully describe where everyone is in the scene, as
well as what cover is available and how far it is from the char-
acters. Otherwise, you will have to describe the scene again

ions he wishes to perform.

and hear complaints like, "Wait a minute, you didn't say any-
‘one was over there!" You may also want to descri

he envi-
ronmental conditions and how they might affect the scene.
Rain, wind and smoke can affect the difficulties of rolls

In general, let a character do neatly anything she cares to
uy, even if you assign a difficulty of 10.

Organizing an Action Turn

Just as nurs organi

scene, there are different stages
within each tum. Still, you will probably not need to subdi
vide turns unless they are action turns. Though you need not
go exactly by the following stages, look over this list to
ideas about how you can organize things when the action gets
hot. The better you've organized a scene, the more smoothly
will go and the more fun everyone

* Desorbing the Scene

Ac the beginning of each turn, you should describe the
scene from the characters' perspective. You may want to sug-
srest what the characters' opponents might be about to do, but
do not actually describe what will happen. Sometimes this will
up of the last turn, making it clear to all players
occurred. This sort of constant description is essential if
you want to avoid confusion,
This is your chance to o nage things o that
goes smoothly when the players begin to interact with the
ed. You should make your deserip-
tion as interesting as possible, leaving open all sorts of possi
bilities for characters' actions
The players need to roll for ini
Jow) to determine the order in which the
In especially complicated situations, you ean have th
describe to you what their characters intend to do that
starting with the player who rolled the lowest initiative (the
acter with the highest initiative speaks last, after she has
card e ons, and acts first).
If you wish to be particularly free-spirited, eliminate the
ative roll alrogether and have the characters act in wha
ever order you wish — eg, "In the distance, you hear Hi
chy gongs and see that the Renegade at the end of the alley
seems to have noticed them as wel
sprints toward the fence. What are

* Decision Stage

Going in reverse order of ini (if the players n
init rolls), have each player explain what her character
intends to do and how she is uds to go about it. If you did
not call for initiative rolls, simply go around the table from
left to right, or in order of character Wits, of using whatever
consistent method you like.

I have.

and ar

nent you have e

€ (see Initiative, be-

characters will act. 8

eryone else's ac

He wins the initiative and
odo?

Gap Nie: rama


You then decide how you want to resolve the action —
what kind of roll each player must make, the difficulty of the

H roll, and the number of successes needed. You can make the
process as simple or as complicated 2s you like — e.g. "If you
want to catch him before he gets over the fence, you need to
make a Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 6. You need to
score six successes to catch up with him, but he only needs
three more to get over the fence."

* Resolution Stage

This is when the players rol to see whether their charac
The players roll dice to attempt the ac-
tions they described in the preceding stage.

ed to summarize everything
by describing what happened and translating
description, plot and story. Don't simply say,
hit the bad guy for three Corpus Levels of damage." Get more
graphic and say, "After ducking away to the left,

cross with your fist and strike him in the hea

stings, but you've wounded him for three Corpus." Or, "With a

ters succeed oF fa

the end of the turn, you
dice rolls into
"You man

Jou sweep
Your hand

great burst of speed and a daring

face down the alley after him, Next turn, you will be able «
make a grab at him before he gets away. However, you see a
Hierarchy coach pull in around the corner of the alley."

Initiative

At the beginning of most scenes, you need to figure out
who goes first. Rolling for initiative is the best way to decide
der of the fight. Sometim
such as when an ambush wa
clearly c:
to let the oppor
should not simply spring the foes on the pla
Perception rolls (difficult ones) to:

it will be obvious who goes frst,
set or when one combatant is

surprise. In combat,

nts have a free shot at the ch:

ntend
acters, you
1s. Let them make

thing just before the bad guys open up. Otherwise, you

a pack of whining jackals on your hands. The diffi
pends on how well the ambush was set (usually 8

number of successes the players score indicates the number of
dice they « ally dloxges).

In a normal situation, each player makes a

and you do so for each of the opponents. Everyone in
makes a Wits + Alertness roll (or you can have them roll Wi
+ Brawl, Melee, Firearms or any appropriate Ability). The di
ficulty is usually 4 —
first. Ties act simultaneously. Characters who fail act after those
who succeeded last. A botch on an initiative roll means the

roll on their first actions (u

icters with the most successes act

character does not get to act that turn — his gun jams, or he

stumbles and cannot punch or dodge


Teking Actions
‘The four basic actions characters can take without mak-
ing rolls ar:

© Yiek ‘The character allows the person with the next
highest initiative to take his action, thereby yielding her turn.
She can still take her action at the end of the turn. If every
one, including her opponents, yields as well, no one does any
thing that turn.

* Healing: The cl cter may use her Pathos to heal
is to her Corpus at a rate of one per tum. She must not
other actions that round; if she wishes to move, she
‘must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) to heal. Note that ag-
gravated wounds cannot be healed in this manner.

* Movi The character may move by walking, jogging
ng. If she walks, she may move seven yards. If she jogs,
‘she may move 12 yards + Dexterity. If she runs, she may move
W yards + (3 x Dexterity).

No roll is required to move, but movement is the only

tction allowed to the character in that turn. In some situa-

tions, it can be ha

iedous to jog or run, and a roll might be
in balance when there is glass on the ground

requited to main

or bullets are raining down. If'a character wants to run away
from a conflict or encounter, she must dodge unless she is not
in the field of fire or otherwise hindered.

Dramatic Systems

esctbed below are a variety of different systems to resolve ac-
tions, of to pur it simply, a bunch of ways to make rolls. If you
prefer to roleplay through dramatic scenes, just use these sys-

tems as suggestions of what sorts of things
can happen during the scene. Physical d
system: be-
these actions are impossible to resolve
th roleplaying alone. Social and Men.
tal systems can be simulated by the players.

Physical

dominate

Clinbing
Whe ‘haracter attempts to climb any sort of surface (:
cliff or building), ask the player to roll the character's
Dexterity + Athletics. The difficulty depends on the sheer-

ness of the climbing surface, the type of surface being climbed
and, to a lesser extent, the weather conditions. Each success

the most numer

mat

ibe physical actions and confronta-
ic situations in which Physical Attributes pre-

tions

fother actions require rolls, Some are listed

© Attack: A character may decide to fire his weapon.

strike some on the attacks

The roll made depend

¢.a Firearmsattack requiresa Dexterity
© Climb: This
aL
* Dod

avoid an attack, but rem

tion req rity + Athlet

A character can make a Di

uncone tries to hit him, thereby (hopefully) avoiding the

Gi
without hy

to Feets It takes turn toget up
ing to make a roll. Ifa character

still take
from her announces! action and attempt to score at least

Athletics roll (difficulty at

to her feet an her actions, she ean take dice

ine sticcess on at Dexterity
A character may nomands te

© Leadership: tive

* Reload Gu

This can he slone in a single tur se
fon
A character may try to look ap vital in
k. Research general
1 Ability. Though thi

vinal employs the In.
id likely take longer

ish to» suspendd reality a bit

than thn
for dramatic purpose
© Start a Car: This action d

't regquire a roll at

1 character ts hot-wiring the car

* Sneak up on Enemy: This action usually retires

* Unjam Gun: This action can normally be per

formed in a single tum by making a Wits + Firearms roll

indicates that the character has climbed five feet. Once he
accumulates enough successes to get to where he wants to go,

he can stop rolling. For example, Samuel is trying to climb a
25-foot wall, so he needs five successes to get to the top. A
failure indicates the character is unable to make any progress
acter falls and

Willpower

during the turn. A botch indicates the ch:
not again attempt to climb without expendi

point.

2 Easy climbs a tree with many stout branches
4° Simple climb: a cliff with many handholds
6 Stra

8 Treacherous: very few handholds

theforward: a tree with thin branches

10 Extremely difficule: a nearly sheer surface

ats of Sten

A character's

Strength is often used alone, without an

K} ficulty is higher than his Dice Pool must she make a roll.

h When the character makes the roll, however, it is based

always 9, though it can vary according to the surface condi-
B tions, the structure of the object being lifted, and Storyteller
whim. Each success increases the character's effective Strength
by one step on the chart below (to.a maximum of five steps).

over a car, she needs three successes on the Willpower roll to
do it.

Dice Pool Feats Lift
1 Crush a beer can 40 Ibs.
2 Break a chair 100 Ibs.
3 Break down a wooden door 250 Ibs.
4 Breaka2"x4" 400 Ibs.
5 Break open a metal fire door 650 Ibs.
6 Throw a motorcycle 800 Ibs
7 Flip over a small car 900 Ibs
8 Break a three-ineh lead pipe 1000 Ibs.
9 Punch through a cement wall 1200 Ibs.
10 Ripopenasteel drum 1500 Ibs.
11 Punch through 1" sheet metal 2000 Ibs.
12 Break a metal lamp post 3000 Ibs
13 Throwacar 4000 Ibs.
14 Throwa van 5000 Ibs.
15 Throw a truck £6000 Ibs.

Jumping

Jumping requires a Strength roll, or a Strength + Athlet-
Q ics roll ifit isa horizontal jump and the character gets a decent
running start. The difficulty for a jump is almost always 3 (un-
less there are difficult weather conditions or there is a narrow
landing space). The Storyteller calculates how many successes
‘are required to make the jump. There are no partial successes
in jumping; the character cither succeeds in one roll, or she
falls.

Type of Jump Feet per Success
Vertical (up) 2
Horizontal (across) 4

This simple system is used when one character attempts
to catch another. One opponent starts with a certain number
of successes. This number is either determined by the Story-
teller (this is the preferred method) or by having the pursued
character roll Dexterity + Athletics (dfficulry 6) foreach turn
of headstart he has. Add up the number of successes achieved,
This number of successes must be achieved by the other
acter before he can catch up. Once he does, he can try to grapple
the fleeing person (see the combat rules). The pursuer might
only want to catch up halfway, in order to get a better shot at
the fleeing character.

Repair

Getting something fixed is not always as easy as raking it
to the garage; sometimes the task has to be performed oneself.
‘When a character wishes to fix any sore of mechanical imple-
ment, he must roll Dexterity + Repair. The difficulty is deter
mined by the complexity of the task (see the chart below).
Before the job can be considered complete, a certain number
of successes must be collected, usually between two and 20.
Each roll means that a certain amount of time is spent — what-
ever the demands of the story require. A botch indicates that
the device is somehow damaged in the attempt.

This system can be fun to use during combat, as one chas-
acter desperately tries ro stare the car while the others fend off
the Hierarchy's barghests

Job Difficulty # of Successes
Simple mechanical repair 4 3
Soldering job Ly 2
Fleetronic malfunction 5 5
Fitting in new part 6 10
Repair stalled car 6 5
Tough auto repair 7 10
System overhaul 8 20
‘Technical glitch 9 2

Shadowing

Sometimes a character will want to follow someone. In
order to be led somewhere interesting, this needs to be done as
discreetly as possible. That is what shadowing is all about —
following someone without the pursued knowing the charac
ter is there.

There are two components to shadowing — keeping track
of where the subject is and making sure he doesn't see his tail.
‘Shadowing can be conducted on foot or in vehicles. Rolls can
‘even be made if someone else is driving, such as a taxi driver

"I'm sorry, but I can't remember the address — you'll just
have to follow my directions. Take a right at the comer. No,
wait, a left!"


The character attempting to shadow must make a Percep-
tion + Investigation (or possibly Streetwise) roll. The diffi-
culty is normally 6 (though it can vary from 5 to 9 depending
on the thickness of crowds, relative speeds of vehicles, and
weather conditions). Each success indicates that the target has
been followed for a tur. A certain number of successes is re-
uired to follow the subject all the way to his destination. A
filure indicates that the character has temporarily lost the
subject, but can try again next turn. If she fails a second time,
she has los che subject completely, and the chase is off (unless
shecan think of a new approach). A borch indicates that the
character has not only completely lost the subject, but she is
soinvolved in shadowing that she gets into trouble of her own

her up, she falls into an open manhole,
orshe has a

Though the Perception roll is the most important aspect
of shadowing, a Stealth roll must also be made to see if the
subject notices he is being followed. Each turn the Perception
roll is made, the Stealth roll must also be made. The player

y + Stealth (or Dexterity + Drive ifthe char

in a vehicle). The base difficulty is the subject's Per-
ception + Alertness, but this can be modified by up to three
points in either direction depending on the circumstances
(empty streets or thick crowds, for instance). A single success
indicates the shadower is not detected, and each additional
success also makes it more difficult for the subject to spot the
shadower, even if he is actively looking. A failure indicates
the subject becomes suspicious and starts to glance surrepti
tiously over his shoulder (and may make Perception rolls of
hiso below). A botch indicates the character completely
reveals herself and the subject now knows he is being followed.

If the subject is alerted somehow (by the shadower's fail
ure on the Dexterity + Stealth roll) or simply looks to see ifhe
Is being followed (out of habit, pethaps), roll Perception +
Investigation (or Streetwise). The difficulty is the Stealth + 5
of the shadower. Each success on this roll indicates a highe

degree of suspicion. Successes can be accumulated from turn
to turn; see the chart below to see how alert the subject is to
the fact that he is being followed. Failure means that nothing

cut of the ordinary is seen and the "suspicion value" of the
subject decreases to zero. A botch means the subject is con:
vinced he isn' being followed and no longer looks behind him.

Successes Suspicion
1 Hunch
2 Suspicion
3 Near-certainty
4 nowledge
5 The shadower has been sported

Buddy Syste ters can share
‘owing responsibilities by trading off. However, the
previously worked/trai
wise, the difficulties of all rolls for the pair are increased by


Bone. One player shadows for a turn or more, trading off when:
ever her partner gives the signal. If the pair switches off, the
subject can't accumulate successes for very long, which makes
it much harder for the subject to spot shadowers.

Sneaking

When a character attempts to hide in shadows or sneak
up on a guard, she must roll Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty of
the guard's Perception + Alermess). Anyone w

The snes haracter needs to collect a certain number

of success der to make it to whe
Perception + Stealth roll can be made
estimate how many successes will be ne
this feat is usually 7,

Failure of any sort on a Stealth roll indicates detection.

Stunt Driving

This system

ants (0
difficulty of

wed to d

A character can make special maneuvers in order to catch

or lose another vehicle, such as spinning around a tight cor-
ner, doing a 180° turn, or wheeling about to block a road. Es
sentiall

and the other

ne character makes a special maneuv
character must copy that maneuver by making the same or an
approximate roll

The player must roll Dexterity (or perhaps Perception) +
Drive. However, the vehicle's Maneuverability rating dictates

the maximum number of dice that can be rolled. The com:
plexity of the maneuver and the speed of the car determine
the difficulty. You should gi
from 2 to 7, and then de:
completed at that difficult
but can be much less depei
the . The difficulty increases by 0
mpl icle exceeds that speed while performing the ma
neuver. The driver decides how fast her vehicle performs the
maneuver, although she will not always be able to decelerate
enough to avoid a crash or collision.


Six-wheel muck 6 cu 3
Bus a) 100 3
I8.wheeler 70 no 4
Sedan 70 120 =
Mini-van 20 120 6
Compact 70 130 6
Sporty compact 100 140 7
Sport coupe no 150 8
Sports car 130 170 9
Formula One race car 140 240 10

Socal

These systems involve social interaction between people.
They ly always require a Charisma, Manipulation or Ap-
pearance roll. Often these systems are best left unused, with
the success or failure of a particular social ploy instead resolved
through roleplaying.

Credibility

This system is used when a character attempts to con-
vince someone she is telling the truth: for example, when she
attempts to persuade a Hierarch magistrate she is not lying or
tries to convince a police officer of her identity. The player
must make a Manipulation + Leadership roll. The difficult
the other subject's Intelligence + Subterfuge. Lower the di
culty by one to three the character is telling the truth
docs make a difference). Each success indicates a higher de-
grec of belie 9. Five successes indicate the subject is com-
pletely convinced. A failure indicates disbelief, and a botch
indicates the character is caught in a lie (or the subject thinks
he has caught her in a

fst Talk

Fast-talk is a means of verbally browbeating and confus-
{ng someone into submission. Manipulation + Subeerfuge is
the most common roll for such a feat; Charisma or Appear
ance can sometimes be substituted. The difficulty is the target's

‘Success indicates that the target becomes confused and is
likely to agree with the subject, at least momentarily. Failure
indicates that the attempt has faltered, and the target can ery
to interject something — an attempt to explain himself, or
even an attempt to fast-talk back. A botch indicates that the
target docen't get confused, only angry. Fase-talk arrempes by
the character will never again work on him.

Repeated rolls might be necessary to confuse the target.
As Storyteller, you need to run attempts at fast-talk in a man-

slaphappy of as deadly serious as you like.
‘Willpower points can be expended to resis fast-talk.

interrogation

Interrogation can be used in a number of different situa-
tions. It isa form of questioning, not torture, though intimida-
tion is certainly employed. Torture can be used, but you will
have to develop your own rules for that if you wish to include
it in your chronicle.

The player makes a Manipulation + Intimidation roll (di
ficulty of the victim's Willpower). The number of successes
indicates the amount of information obtained (see the chart
below). A failure indicates the character learns nothing of
value. A botch indicates the subject tells the character noth:
ing and will never tell him anything — or worse, the subject
lies. For this reason, the Storyteller should oft
for the player.

Successes Interrogation
1 Only a few mumbled facts
2 Some relevant facts
3 Much resting information
4 The subject talks on and on
5 Everything of import is discovered

Oration

Ifa player wants her character to give a speech, but doesn't
actually want to recite it, you can use this system. The player
should at least describe what her character says and maybe
recite a memorable phrase — that might even get her started
into roleplaying the speech verbatim. Oration is often very di
ficult to roleplay, so never force your players to do so. Just use
this system.

The player makes a Charisma + Leadership roll. The dif-
ficulty depends on the mood of the crowd, its willingness to
‘hear what the orator says, and its penchant for throwing rot-
ten vegetables (difficulty is usually 7). If the orator has any
sort of reputation, you may wish to adjust the difficulty
cordingly. The number of successes indicates how impressed.
the crowd is (see the following chart) Iisa simple roll, so the
player has only one crack at it. A failure indicates the crowd
ignores the character. A botch indicates the character is going
to be attacked (or, if thar sort of thing isn't common, booing §
begins).

Successes Crowd Reaction

1 They listened, bur aren't excited
The character has convinced them somewhat
The crowd is won over
The crowd is completely enthralled
The crowd isin the palm ofthe characters hand

apts Ke rea

I to the story, the player may make Successes Your Performance
al rolls. If you want to spend some time on it, you can 1 Mediocre
make it an extended action, interspersing each roll with role :

Reaction

Polite applause

eines : rapes 2 AW Approval

playing. The character ean spend as many turns as she would a} Ged fake epieSanai
like on the speech; after the third turn, however, the difficulty je Seeis pesinesaliac
eases by one each turn. More successes than five might be 0° ee igorous applause
required to win over the crowd completely. 5 Exceptional Ecstatic reaction

6 Immediate sensation

Performances 7 magaiom opus

This system is used wheneve + gives any type
of performance, whether it be comedy, music, acting or
storytelling. It can be on a stage or in a nightclub, and can be I means of gaining intimacy with
formal or informal mother person, because every step is carefully sta
The player must roll the appropriate Attribute + Perfor- feelings are not shared. A seduction takes place in stages, and
mance (ot Expression). The son succeeds during each conse
five ths audianc not succeed at all. This system is desi
forgettable performance. A botch indicates 3 eperfor- tivities of a dominant person over a
mance that cannot even be finished — the instrument breaks the emotions and motives are true, then you should ignore
or the character is booed off the stage this system and roleplay i out.
Opening Line: The player rolls Appearance + Subterfuge.
the Wits + 3 of the subject (the player gainsa

unless

jore submissive one, If

The number of successes indicates how moved the audi-
ence is (see the chart below). These successes determine the The difficulty th
artistic merit or technical verisimilitude of the piece bonus of one to three dice if it's a good line, minus one to


three if it's a stupid one). Each success after the first adds an
estra die to the roll on the next stage.

Witty Exchange: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge. The
dificulty is the Intelligence + 3 of the subject. Again, give
bonuses and penalties for roleplaying. Each success over and
above the base adds an extra die to the roll on the next stage

Conversation: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy. The
dificuley isthe Perception + 3 of the subject. Again, roleplay-
ing bonuses come into play here.

Intimacies: Ac this point, the couple may move to a pri-
ea and become physically intimate. No roll is required.

Mental

‘These dramatic systems deal with the use of the mind and
Mental Attributes. They are employed in situations where
drama is caused not so much by the action as by psychological
tension.

Dream interpretation

Among wraiths, dreams often contain importane informa-
tion. Unfortunately, this knowledge is often shrouded in mys-
terious symbolism and obscure references. This can make it
very difficle for a wraith to decipher his dreams.

‘The player ofa wrnith who decides to figure out the deeper
neanings of his dreams must roll Perception + Enigmas. The
Storyteller decides the difficulty of this roll, based on the ob-
scurity of the di nd its importance to the character. The
nore important the information contained in a dream, the
more thoroughly it will be hidden, and thus the more difficult
thecoll will be. Not all dreams have information hidden within
them, but go ahead and let the players roll anyway, to keep

vate a

am,

Dreams should be mysterious things, rich with bizarre sym-
tolism and personal myths. Storytellers should spare no effore

when designing important dreams. The players will appreciate
it

Sometimes, a Storyteller may decide to have a recurring
dream haunt a certain character. If this is desired, Dream In-
terpretation can become an extended action. The Storyteller
decides the difficulty of the task and the number of successes
needed to unravel the hidden meaning within a recurring
dream,

Research

Research is often the only way for a character to proceed
to the next stage of a story. A character may have to investi-

puter files in order to obrain needed information. Research is
‘a great way to let a character with high Intelligence show off,
and takes the focus off

The player rolls Intelligence + Investigation (or sometimes
‘an appropriate Knowledge Ability after a place to conduct re-
search has been found). The difficulty is based upon the ob-
scurity of the information.
Difficulty Accessibility of Information
2 Generally available
4 Widely documented
6 Accessible
8 _Difficule co find
10 Incredibly well concealed

‘The number of successes determines how much the chat-
acter discovers. One success might mean that only the most
obvious facts are found, while five successes might mean that
the full (and maybe truthful) story is uncovered. Depending
con the precise information sought, 10 or even 20 successes
might be required to find all the available da

‘The player might want to continue research after gaining
a partial success. However, continued research takes longer
than the initial search. Basic research usually takes only an
hour — that's the first roll. More in-depth research (and a
second roll) rakes one complete day. Ifthe player wants a third
roll, further research takes a week; a fourth roll takes a month,
a fifth roll takes a year. After that, use your imagination. It is
easy to see how some research projects can take years or even
decades to complece.

Search

This system enables a character to search for something

a confined area, like a room. Have the player roll Percep-
tion + Investigation; the difficulty depends on how well the
object is concealed (it is usually between 7 and 10). Each suc-
cess indicates that more is found. Sometimes a certain number
of successes is required to find a cleverly hidden object. If you
want, a lower number of successes could warranta hintot clue
from you, thus encouraging roleplaying and a degree of puzzle
solving. As much as possible, ead the player through the search,
step by step. Have her describe to you where she looks. Don't
let her succeed if she doesn't specifically search in the right
area, and let her succeed automatically if her description is
detailed enough.

Track

This system is used to track people and things by follo
ing the physical rails they leave. The player rolls Perception
+ Streetwise (or Investigation, if applicable). The difficulty is
based on weather conditions, terrain and the age ofthe tracks,
but averages around 8. Each success lowers the difficulty of the
next roll by one,

The character needs to succeed for a certain number of
turns; the exact number depends on the length of the trail
Each turn is usually about five minutes long. If the character


misses a roll, she can try again; this time, however, the diffi-
culty is one higher. Once it goes above 10, the character loses
the trail.

Combat

{some asshole starts to think he's Charles
Bronsom, break his nose with the butt of your
po

— Mr. White, Reservoir Dogs

‘Combat in Wraith attempts to capture
the drama of violent conflict without
downplaying the grim reality of what is
going on. We have made every effort to create a system true to
the dynamics, imitations and viciousness of real combat while
still leaving room for the unique elements wraiths bring to it.

There are three types of combat, all of which use the same
basic system yer have some minor differences. They are:
firefight, melee and brawl.

© A firefight is any type of armed combat using projectile
weapons — things like Uris and sawed-off shorguns. Oppo-
nents normally need to be within sight of each other to en-
gage in a firefight.

* Melee refers to fighting with hand weapons — anything
from broken bottles to darksteel axes. Opponents need to be
within one or two yards of each other to engage in melee.

* A brawl describes a hand-to-hand battle foughe with
bare hands — unarmed combat. Opponents need to be within
touching distance to engage in a brawl.

The rolls made in combat determine whether or not an
attack succeeds, whether the target dodges and how much dam-
age the rarget suffers. Almost all combat turns are around thee
seconds long, though they take somewhat longer than that to
resolve.

Aswith all action scenes, combar turns begin with an ini-
tiative roll. However, because combat can sometimes geta little
sticky, divide the turn into three stages — Initiative, Attack
and Resolution — to make it easier to keep track of things.

Stage One: Initiative

‘This stage organizes the turn and is where characters de-
clare their actions. Characters can take a number of different
tions — anything from leaping behind a wall co shouting a
warning. Each player must declare what his character is doing
in as much detail as the Storyteller requires. At this point,
‘everyone needs to decide what weapon to use, if any.

Characters make initiative rolls using Wits + Alertness
(difficulty 4, though Storytellers can vary this roll if they so.
NY desire). The character with the most successes acts first, while

characters who rolled fewer successes take their actions in de-
scending order of successes. Some characters will act simulta-
neously because they rolled the same number of successes (or,
if the Storyteller chooses, the one with the highest Dexterity
goes first). Those who gain no successes at all on this roll go
last, and those who borch do not get to take actions at al

Remember to have players declare what actions they want
their characters to take during the combat turn before going
to the Attack Stage. A player splitting his character's Dice
Pool must declare how many dice he is allocating to each ae-
tion.

A character's actions happen when it is her turn to act.
‘The only exception to this is the dodge, which a character can
perform at any time as long as she has dice left in her Pool.

Stage Two: Attack

The attack is the meat of the combac tum. This stage is
where the success or failure of an action is determined, as well
as something of its potential impact on the target.

The Roll: There are three different types of attack rolls;
the type of combat determines which one to use.

« For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.

* For melee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity +
Melee.

* For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll Dex-
terity + Brawl.

The weapon or attack used by the attacker dete
base difficulty of the roll. The number of dice rolled 1
modified by the gun's rate of ire or the use of a scope, but the
difficulty is usually modified only by the circumstances of the at-
tack. If no successes are obtained, the character fails his uttack
and inflicts no damage. Ifa botch is obtained, then not only does
the attack fail, but something nasty happens to the attacker; the
Storyteller needs to invent something truly awful

Dodging

Any time someone attacks a character, she has the option
‘of dodging. In fact, a player may announce at any time that
her character is using an action (or part of one, by dividing her
Dice Pool) to dodge, simply by declaring "Dodge!" before the
‘opponent makes an attack roll. Some situations may prohibit
a dodge, such as in confined quarters or when the character
has been surprised. The required roll is Dexterity + Dodge;
each success subtracts one success from the attacker's roll. A
character can even subtract successes from different opponents,
though this means dividing successes between (or among)
them.

The difficulty to dodge melee or brawling attacks is a base
6, inereased by one for each opponent after the first.


In firefights, the difficulty depends on the availability of
nearby cover behind which a character can dive to avoid
ting hit. Each success removes one of the opponent's succe:
After such a dodge attempt, the character usually ends up be-
hind some sort of cover or, at the very least, lying on the ground
(if there is no cover to be found),
The difficulty to dodge during firefights is determined by
the proximity of cover.
Difficulty Terrain
2 By moving back halfa step, the character is
back under full cover.
Pull cover within diving distance (one yard)
Full cover within running distance (three yards)
Partial cover within running distance (three yards)
Flat and featureless, no cover (the ch
dives to the ground)

Stage Three: Resolution

coryteller descr
cuts in the turn. The Resolution Stage ture of game
nd story, for though the dice never lie, the Storyteller must
interpret what luck has decreed.

Damage: Each weapon or attack allows the wielder to roll
certain number of dice in order to inflict dam:
6). Each success causes the target to lose one Corpus
Additionally, each success scored with a fir ter any
dodge) adds one die to this damage roll. Melee and brawling
successes do not add to the

oll to see how much damage

use of her natural hardiness. The target rolls 8 MR

iccess reduces inflicted damage

id soak rolls are two rolls in Wraith

Complications

A number of factors determine whether an attack hits

KY Smart combatants head for cover as soon as bullets start fly

ing. Others find that ganging up on one foe in a brawl never
hurts. The following modifiers delineate many of the variables
that affect combat.

General Complications

* Changing Actions: aracter changes her declared
action after the turn has started, the difficulty for the new ac
tion increases by one. Generally, the Storyteller should only
allow the character to change her declared action if events 9
made itimpossible. "Yes, know I said my character would


he car, but that Renegade just used Outrage
oon the gas tank!"
* Immobi
down by someon:
tack roll is decreased by two.
pletely immobilized (e.g
Lis required and the attack succee

If, in one turn, a t

effects of the de
tati k. The target may not attack, and its Dice Pool fo

ive actions (i.e,

odging) is halved (round down).

Firefight Complications

* Range: Getting close to one's
doesn't mind takinga few shots in
Firearms Chart is the

es no moxlifier for shooting at this range. Twice
‘can shoot. Shots within this ra

xd by one. On the other ha

the farthest the w

their difficulties incre

at targets within a yard of the attacker are considered
the difficulty of a point-blank

* Cover: Intelligent characters use cover to protect them-
selves from enemy fire. Cover

attack by a variable amount, depending on how much of the

‘With: The Obion

character' body istill out in the open. However, though cover
fire, and in some rare instances

. ducking out
sase the difficulty by one,

while watchin the cracks in a battered wall

probably prevents a character from fring back at al

or inst

Cover Difficulty
Lying flat +1
Behind pole +2
Behind wall 3
Only head exposed +4

* Movement: Shooting

a moving target increases the

does shooting whi
(such as firing our the w

difficulty by one (or even more!

speed faster than a w
v of a speeding car).
* Aiming: A character may add her
her Dexterity + Firearms Dice Pool if she spe
However, aiming takes one tum per die added, and during this
time the character can do nothing but aim — it takes tim
patience to aim. Additionally, the target may not be moving ata
speed faster than a walk. Shotguns and SMGs cannot be aimed.
Ifthe gun has a scope, the character may add two dice to her
Dice Pool in addition to the dice added for Perception. The scope
bonus can beadded only once —after the initial three dice added

rception rating to
Is time aiming.


character continues aiming 2s outlined above.

+ Targeting: Aiming for a specific location (gun hand,
the heart) increases the difficulty by two.

‘+ Multiple Shots: Ifa character wants to take more than
‘one shot in turn, he must divide his Dice Poo! into two or more
actions, Also, for each additional shot after the frst, the difficulty
increases by one. Tenis, of couse, the maximum number to which
the difficuley can be raised. A character can fire a maximum num-
ter of shots equal to the rae of the firearm.

The recoil penalty is cumulative. Thus, a character adds wo
‘on the third shot and three on the fourth. Ic isnot usually wise to
snap off shots blindly; the recoil always catches up with the gun-
rman. Using these rules itis permissible to fire two or more three
round bursts in a single tur, chough a character can only fire on
fall-auto once per turn (and must reload to do it again),

* Full-Auto: The full-auto option is the most damaging

tents of a gun'sammunition clip within a very short time span.
However, the gun becomes a bucking bronco, difficult to con-
trol and even harder to aim.

Fireams Chart

Te

c Difficulty
Example

Damage Range Rate Clip

Concealment Pathos Use

Revolver, Hy. 1 6
Colt Anaconda (.44 magnum)

Piso, Hy. 8 5

SMG, Smallt
Ingram Mac-10 (9mm|

7 4

Assault Ri

Steyr.

Shotgun, Semi-auto

Range: This isthe practical range of the gun in yards. A character may fie on a target at up to double the listed ran
considered a longe-range shot.

Rate: The may

um umber of bullets or three-round bursts the gun can fre

32 J 1

30003 TH J 1

. P220 (.45 ACP) s (:

2 33041 J 2

20 «Itt 20

wowever, this is

ingle tur. The rate does not apply to full auto or spray fre.

i: The numberof bullets that can be held in one clip or in che barrel. The +1 indicates that a bullet can be held inthe chamber, 9

‘making the un ready to fire.

Concealment: P = can be hidden in a poct
hidden on one's person at all.

= can be hidden inside a jacker; T » can be hidden inside a trenchcoat; N = cannot be

# Indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts, full-auo fire and sprays.
41 The crossbow, unlike a firearm, does not add attack successes to the damage Dice Pool. Additionally, a crossbow takes five turns t0 reload.

+f These archaic weapons n
achieve more tha

st be reloaded meticulously or they will misfire. Roll Dexterity + Firearms (difficulty 6) to reload. Ifyou
five successes, you may fire two shots in one round. If you botch, the weapon misfires and may damage you.


Firefight Congo
Difficulty Dice

PSN Complication
nit 7 i

BY Changing action

Lying flac +1
Behind pole 2
Behind wall +3

Scope = +2
Specific area of target =
+Hextra shot —

A character gets 10 additional dice to roll on the attack,
thus increasing the chance to hit and cause damage. However,
the difficulty i raised by three from the recoil.

Full-auto fire is permissible only when a weapon has more
than half its clip remaining. Whenever a character uses the
full-auto option, he depletes the entire clip of the weapon.
Reloading takes one full action and requites the characters
full concentration (and Dice Pool).

* Three-Round Burst: The semi-auto option isthe middle
‘ground between the full-auto and single-shot options, and has
some of the strengths and weaknesses of both. A burst gives
the attacker three additional dice on the attack roll. However,
the recoil increases the difficulty by one. As implied by the
option's name, three bullets are expended per use.

B® Spray: When on full-auto, a character can decide to
spray across an arca instead of focusing on one foe. A spray
uses the extra 10 dice given by full-auto fire, but the attack has
base difficulty of 5, increased by one per yard covered by the
spray (in addition to other modifiers).

‘The player divides any successes gained on the attack roll
evenly among all targets in the covered area. Ifonly one target
is in the sprayed area, only half the successes affect him. The
player then assigns any leftover successes as she desires. Ifthe
attacker rolls fewer successes than there are targets, the player
may only assign one per target until they are used up. This
attack also empties the clip.

The difficulty of a dodge roll against a spray is increased by two.

ke Wega Tl

Weapon Difficulty Damage Conceal
Sap 4 Strength
Club 4 Swength +1 T
Knife 4 Strength +1 J
Foil 5 Strength +3. T
Saber 6 Swength +4 T
Broadsword 6 Strength +5. -N

Melee and Brave Complications

+ Multiple Opponents: Ifa characteris battling multiple
‘opponents in clase combat, that characters attack and dodge
difficulties are increased by one per opponent (to a maximum.
of 10).

# Flank and Rear Attacks: The difficulty of a lank at-
tack is lowered by one, while that of a rear attack is lowered by

Melee Complications

* Parry: A character using a melee weapon may elect to
parry an attack, using her weapon to block the blow. Like a
dodge, a parry can be performed at any time, s0 long as the
character still has dice in her Dice Pool. A character cannot
parry with a weapon as small asa knife, but she can use a sword
cor axe. She rolls Dexterity + Melee (difficulty 6). Each success
subtracts one from an opponent's number of attack successes.

A botch on a parry roll usually means thar the parrying
‘weapon is knocked from the character's hand.

Roll: Dex + Melee Difficulty: 6 Damage: none
Actions: Special

* Disarm: This maneuver is an attempt to knock the
‘weapon from an opponent' hand. The character rolls Dexter-
ity + Melee; add one to the weapon's normal difficulty. If at
least three sueceses are scored, she then rolls the weapons
damage; if she scores more successes than the oppor
Strength rating, the opponent is disarmed. A botch u
means the character drops her own weapon.

Roll: Dex + Melee Difficulty: +1 Damages Special
Actions: 1

Bravting Complications

* Block: A character can elect to block instead of dodge.
Like a dodge, a block can be performed at any time, so long as
the character still has dice in his Dice Pool. Blocks may be
made only against fists, kicks or blunt weapons. A blocking
action cannot block a sword, arrow or bullet unless the de-
fender has an Arcanos that provides special protection (such
Iry power). Roll Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 6);

rally


cach success subtracts one from an opponent's number of at-
tack successes.

Roll: Dex + Brawl
Actions: Special

Difficulty: 6 Damage: none

* Body Slam: A character charges forward, hurling his
weight into his opponent. It is possible to da
thisateack; bodies were not meant to be used as battering rams.

A character needs the
He inflicts one Cor

successes to unbalance an opponent.
us Level of damage on himself for each

suecess fewer than thr

If the attack succeeds, the opponent is thrown off bal-
ance; difficulties for the rest of her actions this turn are in-
creased by two. Also, if the opponent does not succeed in a
Dexterity + Athletics rol (difficulty of the a
+3), she falls to the ground. The base damage done equals the
attacker's Strength; each success scored on the attack roll above
the minimum adds one to this base. If the attacker does not
he falls to
has no dice left in his

icker's successes

score at least three succe:
the ground and is treated as thou
Pool

s, this maneuver fail

The character can move his full running distance, but he
must rn in a straight line; weaving around in circles do

build sufficient momentum.

Roll: Dex + Brawl

Actions: |
* Grappl
immobilize hin

Difficulty: 7

attacker can try to grab a foe, hoping
and subsequently crush him. If the ar

esses than the opponent's Stren,
tacker can immobili

scores more su h, the at
him. In the next round, she can begin
to inflict harm. Any character struck by this

attacks for the current tur.

ttack loses his

If the ateacker misses altogether (by fal
+ Brawl roll), she is knocked down a
getting to her feet.

g the Dexterity

‘must spend an action

Continuing to grapple during each tur after the first re
quires the combatants to make opposed Strength + Brawl rolls
Whoever a the
other. If both score the same number of successes, neither gains
the upper hand this turn.

Roll: Dex + Brawl
Actions: 1

# Kick: A kick can range from a very simple front kick to
aerial spins. Depe on the circumstances, the difficulty
and damage modifier may be adjusted (Storyteller' discretion).
The damage from a kick is never aggravated.

Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficult
Actions: 1

umulates more successes may immobili

Difficulty: 6 Damage: Suength

77 Damage: Str+1

ape te: Dama

* Punch: The att fist and
swings it with all her might. The Storyteller may adjust the
difficulty and/or allow extra dice if the attacker decides the
type of punch she wishes to deliver: hook, jab, haymaker, etc.
The damage from a punch is ne ated.

Roll: Dex+Bewl Difficulty: Damage: Strength

Actions: 1
Brawling Chart
Maneuver Roll Difficulty Damage Actions
Body Slam Dex + Brawl 7 Special
Grapple Dex + Brawl 6 Strength
Kick Dex + Brawl 7
Punch Dex + Brawl 6

Armor

A character with body armor can add dice to her soak
rolls. Different types of body armor have different armor rat

1
1
1
1

ings, which are the number of extra dice rolled on a soak roll
Certain types of armor restrict body motion and thus penalize
the character's Dexterity rolls (all rolls involving this Attribute

have their difficulties raised by an amount equal to the pen-
alty),

Armor is mainly used by mortals; there are very few sets of
relic armor in the Underworld

Armor

Class Armor Rating Penalty

(Chass One (reinforced clothing) 1 0
Class Two (armor Tshirt) 2 0
Class Three (vest) 3 1
Class Four (flak jacket) 4 I
Class Five (full suit) 6 2

Freeform Combat (Optional)

The Storyteller should be flexible when arbitrating com-
ations; no rules can fully reflect the variety of situa
<d on the battlefield. The Storyteller should
the pla
covered by any of # ieuvers. For theie
part, pl: coryteller is the ulti
mate arbiter in such situations, and her word is final
If bick combat results, go back to the stan.
mncuvers given above. They are broad enough to handle
tuations. Freeform combat is meant to add depth to the

devise rules for special situations not

ng com
should remember th

ng or slow

dard

game, not create conflict between the players and the Story
teller.


(or effect) roll. All

eficcs from the maneuver should be figured through these two
nil. An exception to this rule is a movement-based maneu-
ver (see below)

iculty 4). The

rack is made with a Dexterity + Brawl last (after she
ack is ma

with a Dexterity + Melee eryone else's actions) and per
toll. If a character is trying to out fool an opponent, forms it first.

the roll could instead use Manipulation plus an appropriate

Ability (such as Bravl, Intimidation or Subterfuge)

Difiuty mnltiple action

The difficulty fora maneuver is usually 6, but this can be Stage Two Atak

depending on the maneuver' complexity ms combat, roll Dexterity + Fire-
‘a hamstring has a higher difficulty arms
iin area),

* Declare Dice Pool division if performing

raised or low
precision (for examp!
cause i aims fo
Ifthe mane is designed to fool an opponent, the diffi-
culty is usually the opponent's Wits (or Perception) with a+ 4
constant modifier. Sometimes the difficulty is an opponent's oF -hand (without weapons) com-
Ability +4, of rarely, an opponent's Attribute plus an Ability bat, roll Dexterity + Brawl
(such as Wits + Brawl), in which case the constant modifier is Youd
not used

© For melee (with weapons) combat, roll

Dexterity + Melee.

roll Dexterity + Dod
ter can forfeit some or all of

Rsisted Rols ge at any time; each success ubemets

one from the opponent's successes. (How-

: foe neat apie E ever, remember that straying from your de-

whether by do

evasive action or using
clared action will still remove one die from

another maneuver. The Storyteller should decide whether a
combatant should receive a resistance roll. The resistance roll your Dice Pool.)
will often require the combatant co split his Dice Pool if he

also wants to attack that eurn.

Stage Three: Resolution

The exception to this is resisting Arcanos. Characters can
oF jetermined by weapon or mae

resist Arc

108 attacks without splitting a Dice Pool. See the
is. neuver (difficulty 6),

tk damage: roll Stamina (difficulty 6).

particular ¢

Successes By
Genel an atc neck only one suc oi mA ROOM EO

age is then rolled. In some instances, howe

rcanos write-up for de

set number of © Changing Actions: The difficulty iner

successes is required, such as when a character tries to grapple

an opponent (he would need more successes than his by one

opponent's Strength score). * Immobilization: The difficulty to hit an
immobilized target is decreased by two.

Damage (effet Buunnitgi When Corpus duaiege oe

Use the Brawling Chart to determine damage and adjust Stamina rating, the target is stunned and

from there for special conditions. cannot-act next turn.
18 opponent, the general
rule is that each success on the attack roll subtracts one die
from the opponent's Dice Pool. In this ease, only the attack
roll is made; there is no separate damage roll.

If the effect is to fool or confus

ter ie rama

ill have to split
ool to perform multi s in one turn.
Moveme icter may not move and at-
ryteller can allow movement.

ned with the following guide-

er is performing some acrobatic feat, such as
ielier, etc., then a Dexterity +

red. The difficulty depends on

t. A simple roll to determine

culty of only 3 (see Jumping, pg.

sr must split his
ack roll. How-

Dice Pool between
ever, the Storyteller st
whenever possible
There are some exceptions to this rule, in the interest of

dramatic license. If a character has seen many swashbuckler

movies and practiced the fla
Storyteller might allow her to
attack without having to split her Dice Pool.


he Requiem was filled with breathers.
Wendy danced by herself in the rafters, pre-
cariously balanced on the highest beam.
She drifted in the sounds of the techno-
j| industrial explosion playing on the stage.
[1] She danced, stepping carelessly here
and there, totally absorbed in the lights,
and her movements.

A quiet voice called to her, a voice that she could hear
‘en through the pounding music. Mouse appeared up in the
| nites with her. His straight razor gleamed as he snapped it

closed. 2] His voice seemed to grow louder as Wendy's ears
adjusted co the Shadowlands. "Hello, Mouse," Wendy said
What's up?"

"Wen
Any ideas

"Lucy? Why do you want her? She thinks she's a goddess

‘Sweet Wendy. I was wondering if you'd seen Lucy

"Oh! Wendy, that's not a nice thing to say. Crazy isn't
bad, We're all crazy. know for a fact chat you are. Look at how
e. That's not crazy? You're dead."

"Doesn't mean I have to be bored, does it?"

"You know where she is, don't you? She has your car keys,
doesn't she?" Mouse smiled a thin, wicked smile. "Can't do
‘much without your keys, can you?" (3)

Wendy shrugged. "So? Yeah, I know where she is. Why do
ou want to know?"

Mouse cupped her chin lightly, delicately. She almost
tumed away from him. "I need her. I need...a goddess. Some-
/estigate goings-on in Oakland. A nasty-nasty.

upon graves." [4]

Wendy narrowed her eyes. "What...beasties?"

Mouse smiled, clapped. He looked toward the strobes and

laughed. "Give the gil a cigar." He swiveled reptilian eyes in
her direction. "Beasties. Nasty creatures. Spectres. Things that
40 bump in the night. Saints preserve us!" he screamed, and
ically.
" Wendy said. At that moment, the hair on the
tack of her neck prickled. She felt the movement of Fate shift
a she heard Mouse's laugh, and clapped her small hand over
his mouth. (5}

Wonllessly, she pointed down. Mouse squinted hard to
see in the darkness, and then noticed the shadowy auras sur-
rounding three of the bouncers. She had seen this strategy used
innightclubs before, and she could even see the hilt of a sword
this time, Obviously, all three were possessed by Centurions.

(6

ONE 0.
Grav

1. Note that Requiem is a popular place for wraiths be-
‘cause itis also a Haunt 3.

2. Mouse used his Flicker Arcanos to get there. You've
gorta to give him style points.

3. The player has invested five Background points in a
artifact pair of keys. Wendy loaned the keys to Lucy.

4. Mouse is talking about the spectres who hang out in
Oakland Cemetery (see Necropolis: Atlanta for more infor
mation).

5. The Storyteller feels forgiving today and lets Wendy
have a Wits + Fatalism roll to avoid the impending dang
‘Wendy's playe
Suill, he Storyteller lets Wendy catch the fist
‘against her. Centurions are
doesn't have much time left.

6. The Centurions Skinride the bouncers. Normally this
would be hard, but these Centurions have been attuning these
mortals to them for some time. They find the attunement use-
ful when they have to raid clubs looking for people.

s the dice and scores one success: not g
fof the plot
iding into the Requiem. She


NG NS

Mouse nodded silently and opened his straight razor. He
slashed it through the air, opening a hole down to the Tem-
pest, and held out his hand to Wendy. (7] She took it, trying to
trust him as she listened to a far-off voice.

"He's back, isn't he?" Mouse whispered. "Whats he saying?"
He grinned as he recognized Wendy's Shadow. Whenever itcalled
‘wher, italways imbued a reddish tint to her eyes and hair. Wendy
shook her head. "He said that he can't wait to playin the Tempest
again. I... don'e want to go in there." [8]

Mouse shrugged his shoulders. He looked at Wendy, then
at the crack, and then back at Wendy...and past her. He saw
‘one of the Centurions rising slowly to the top of the club, his
sladius shimmering cold and sharp, his face a death's head with
fires for eyes. Mouse flashed Wendy an apologetic look, then
turned and vanished into the Tempest.

Wendy whirled as the Centurion landed on the rafter.
Dease and desist, Heretic. You will follow me to the Citadel.
J} You must be properly registered. Come now...1 won't harm
you..." The Centurion had a pair of manacles in his other hand,
and Wendy doubted his intentions. So what Lucy had said was
true. She'd been branded a Heretic ater she'd started running
with Shoo-Fly and his Circle. {9}

"Ldon'c think so," she said, trembling. "I'm not into whips
and chains!" Why was she so nervous? Couldn't she talk her
‘way out of this? She felea sharp pain in her chest, and her eyes
started to go wild. This isn't going to wor , she thought. I'm going
to have to.

The darkness within her broke free. "I'm not into your

licele games. I'm into this .." she said, as with one fluid motion
she drew a shotgun from the empty air and pumped it one-
p handed. Her Shadow sent cold waves of approval. That's my
Dy baby. No one messes with Daddy's girl... {10}
‘The Centurion froze. He had been taken by surprise, and
I his backup was too busy Skinriding to notice. He frantically
hed out, hoping to wrench the gun from Wendy's hands.
He lunged into the shotgun blast, and flaming bits of his plasm
streamed out behind him, evaporating in midair. The rest of
the body twitched as it fell to the stage below. [11]

Suddenly Wendy was back in control. Was that what I re-
ally wanted to do? Blasts of soulfire from the dance floor inter-
rupted her reverie. She turned and ran.

‘She plunged through the wall. She fele the steel and mor-
taras she passed through it, and the tingly feeling of the elec-
tricity stung her as she moved through the club's wiring. [12]

She jumped into the alleyway on the other side, still in-
corporeal. As she braced herself for the fall, she fell to the
pavement below. [13] Her Doc Martens splashed in a pile of
greenish fluid. Battered trash cans lay strewn in front of her.
She tured, and saw the Cohort advancing on her.
ns, shaking in the middle of a Cohort of Centuri-
cons, Mouse gave her a pleading look. They had already grabbed

him from the Tempest. Wendy screamed as she felt the power
fof the Centurions hold her fast.

7. Mouse uses his straight razor to rip open a crack into
the Shadowlands to enter the Tempest. Of course, this is the |
same Tempest that gives Wendy the jitters. He rolls his Strength
+ Argos and cuts open the Shadowlands to allow himself ac-

8. The Shadowguide player is trying to use reverse psy |
chology. He' hoping to get Wendy to die in the club, so he
wants to keep her from escaping.

9. The manacles are made of Stygian metal, so they can't
be broken.

10. Wendy's Shadow takes over. This isdone through role-
playing or by using the simple rolling system in the book, The
Shadow has a Relic Shotgun asa Thorn: itonly manifests when
the Shadow is in control. Obviously, her Shadow has the Par-
‘ent Archetype.

11. Wendy (playing her dominant Shadow) rolls Wits +
Alertness for initiative against the jon and wins. She
then rolls her Dexterity + Firearms (difficulty 6) and scores a
whopping three successes. Wendy then rolls her damage: eight
dice plus three dice for her extra success equals LI dice! Yikes!
She rolls them, scoring six successes against difficulty 6. The
Centurion tries desperately to soak this damage, but to no aval.
He scores no successes on his soak roll. The Centurion i ripped
apart by the scattershor, and Wendy has.a chance to get aw

12. Wendy expends a Corpus Level to "phase" through
the wall. There is no roll necessary.

13. The Storyteller quickly rolls to see if Wendy takes
damage for the fall. He's not sure ifthe roll is correct, bur he
decides that keeping the pace of the scene is more important.
Wendy doesn't take damage, and the Storyteller moves on.


An arrogant Centurion walked slowly toward her, draw

es. He grabbed her arms roughly, ewisting

, he started co place the cuffs around her wrists. Then a

(tof moonlight caught something falling from above.

keys, shadowy and indi ded on the
feet. [14] Puzzled, the Centurion
diately paid the price for his deci-
sion. Sereaming from the darkness, descending from above like
an angel of mercy, Lucy made her entrance.

‘One long leather boot slammed into the Centurion's neck.
Asher black cloak swirled in the darkness, Lucy kicked, snarled
and slashed. A silver locke odin the darkness, and shred
dle plasm sprayed on the walls

A pair of

ct,
ground ac the Cent

looked down — and ima

A body fell. Lucy stood over the fallen Centurion, beck-
oning to the rest with a delicately gloved hand. "You wanna
fight?" she hissed, shaking with rage. "Fight me..."

Only one of the Centurions stayed in formation with the
group. As the other soldiers panicked, he took out his blade and
began swinging his sword in an intricate pattem in front of him.

and Wendy grabbed her keys

Mouse screamed in oute
asshe rolled behind the trash
and the sound of a shorgun being pumped echoed down the

alleyway. Some Centurions were gonna pay

14. Lucy arrives!
this time th

Just in time, too. A combat ensues:
rolling. He
uses th

in excuse to have
himself abs some miniatures, players reach,

for combat dice, and the story continues.

Cherie ana


Antagonists

Spectres
[he Amy of Darkness

WEA) Oblivion. They serve and worship it even as
eee) it consumes them. Many Spectres are weak,

Because of the fat that Oblivion courses
48) through their plasm, all Spectres possess a
"form of group telepathy —a sort of commu-
nal hive-mind. The more powerful a given Spectre is, the greater
its link to Oblivion, and the more information that Spectre re-
ceives. Malfeans commonly spy on the Shadowlands simply by
sending a few Spectres into an area. Everything that the subordi-
nate Spectres hear, the Malfean hears. It is said that Spectres can
ako use Nihils to cavesdrop on the Shadowlands.

‘There are many different species of Spectres: it isa catch-all
team for the corrupted entities who dwell in the Tempest and
serve Oblivion. Two kinds most commonly interact with wraiths:
indless Shades and the terrifyingly intelligent

Appendix

Shades

When souls are lost to Oblivion a
its power, they are
receptacles for the po ectresare call
Shades. Shades are hungry ghosts with little guiding intelli- @
gence: they have tremendous cunning, however, and are quite
clever in seeking the sustenance they need.

d choose to embrace

en over by their Shadows and become

Dblivion. Such $

Shades can neither manifest in the living world nor visit
the Shadowlands (untess brought there...and even then they
stay for long) because they do not possess Fetters.
Shades appear in many forms: some of them (the
recently corrupted) appear basically human, while others
been damaged and twisted by the chaos of Oblivion tn

they
resemble monsters. All of them radiate a cold, black phospho.

rescence: the rays of Oblivion.

Character Creation

Attributes 6/4/2, Abilities 11/7/3, Backgrounds 3, Will-
power 0, Angst 8, Corpus 7

Suggested Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
140, Manipulation 3, Appea

ce 0, Perception 4, In-


tory nature.)

gested Abilities: Regardless of who or what they were
des have succumbed to their bestial nature and usu-
ally have at least Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Alertness 3, and Stealth 3.
Powers: Shad arious special powers (see below).

L re incredibly hungry creatures and require
the warmth of emotions to withstand the chill oft

All Shades can fly unhindered through the Tempe:
have the ability to locate entrances to the Labyrinth. They

also have the ability to sense a wraith by its amount of inner
Pathos: those with great amounts of Pathos (7+) blaze like fire
in the

Relics: Shades usually don't hay
knives or clubs of some sort.

Shade Powers

‘© Shark's Teeth — The Shade can do aggravated damage
with a bite: Strength +2.

+ Ectoplasmic Tentacles — The Shade can attack twice
tum, but usually doesn't wield weapons.

© Pathos Drain —The drain one point of Pa-
thos per success on an attack roll. Pathos points are converted
directly to Angst points for the Shade on a one-for-one basis

* Spectral Scream — The an seream into the Tem-
1ore Shades. Use of this

hade c

pest, thereby summoning one to fi
power costs five Angst po

* Bind — The Shade must first successfully grapple his
target. (See Combat Maneuvers, pg. 223) The round after
pling the target, the Shade covers the
must be destroyed to free the

ap
completely and
The encapsulated wraith

this power to con
at the appropr
© Numbing the Heart

Passions directly, infecting the wraith's Passions with the cold
of Oblivion. First, a successful attack must occur. Then the
Shade rolls its Angst in an opposed roll against the wraith's
Willpower. If the Shade succeeds, one of the target's Passions
is reduced by one. Use of this power costs th

© Rend the Lifeweb — The Shade
Fetters directly: The Shade must frst mak
Then the Shade rolls its Angst in an opposed roll against the
vwraith's Willpower. Ifthe Shade succeeds, one of the wraith'sFet-

ters is reduced by one. Use of this power costs five Angst points.

SV Eee
s DLOr x

<—<~

+ Hound the Harrowed — The Shade can attach itself
toa wraith's Psyche as it falls through the Tempest into the
labyrinth. While in the Labyrinth, the Shade can attempr to
Capture any Willpower or Pathos spent and convert it to Angst
brits own use. The roll to do so is Dexterity + Alertness (dif-
fculty 9).

* Chameleon Parasite — This power allows a Shade to at-
tach isefinconspicuously toa wraith. The roll to dosois Dexter-
iy + Stealth (difficulty of the wraith's Perception + Alermess). A
light source held up tothe wraith's Corpus might detect the pres-
ence of the Shade-parasite: roll Perception + Occult (difficulty
1). Use of the Castigate Arcanos will also detect a Shade-para-
sit, So long as it remains quiescent, the Shade can follow the
vmith wherever it goes, even into the Shadowlands. The Shade
nay then detach itself, inflicting one Corpus Level of damage on
its host in the process, and arrack anyone nearby for one to five
tums before vanishing into the Tempest. The Shade can also act
as"ears" fora This power costs five Angst points to use,
| lus one Angst per day spent our of the Tempest.

Doppelgangers

More dangerous to wraiths in the Shadowlands are
Daoppelgangers: wraiths whose Shadows have consumed them.
Doppelganger still maintain the appearance of normal-look-
ing wraiths. Unlike most Spectres, Doppelgangers have per-
sonalities, ftee will, and knowledge of many wraith Arcanos.

Doppelgangers still have Fetters that tie them to the live
lag world, Oblivion has not yet been completely consumed
them, and the Malfeans have considerable use for these most
favored agents.

Doppelgangers should be created as normal wraiths, but
their Angst is always 10, and they usually have low Willpower.
The only way ro tell if a wraith is a Doppelganger is to use

Castigate on him, and even that is not always accurate.
Doppelgangers continue to gather Pathos, although usually
through soul-wrenching means. They have a dislike for Pa
thos tinged with love or any other positive emotion.
Storyteller Notes: Doppelgangers make excellent villains.
Astheirname implies, they enjoy assuming the shape of other

wraiths — although not all Doppelgangers automatically pos-
sess the level of Moliate or the Thorn that allows them to
assume someone else's form.

Because Doppelgangers are not without personality, they
can actually have discourse with the characters. A
Doppelganger will often try to evoke a wraith's Shadow during
these conversations

A Doppelganger's usefulness as a spy eventually runs out
1 ts will erodes under the force of Oblivion and its appear
ance degenerates. A Doppelganger so devolved is often called
a Nephwrack, and many Nephwracks are servants to the
Malfeans.

Nalfeans

Malfeans are ancient Spectres who have consumed other

Spectres and wraiths. In the process, they ha
mous, bloated, powerful, and utterly inhuman. Some Malfeans
may never have been human at all. Malfeans are distinguished
from Shades by their vast power, intellect and individual per-

Malfeans are incredibly powerful, but generally lethargic.
ne wraiths say that entire colonies of Spectres live within
them. They are so gigantic that they defy description through
normal Traits

Malfeans are attended by Nephwracks and huge clouds of
Shades, who cluster about them in the Tempest

The Others

Many other species of Spectres live throughout the Tem:
pest, in the depths ofthe Labyrinth, and in the Void: ther
as many different kinds of Spectres as there are twisted souls in
the Underworld. The Ferrymen are familiar with most kinds
of Spectres and can teach wraiths about them, especially how
to recognize their common tricks and predatory patterns.

Barghess

Barghests are wraiths who have been enslaved, disfigured
and lobotomized by the Hierarchy. In the process they have
been reduced to the level of animalistic servitors, not unlike
bloodhounds. Barghests have been "muzzled" with a device of §
Stygian metal chat negates all hij ht processes, re
ducing the wraith to only slightly more than animal-level in-
telligence.

Barghests roam the Shadowlands in packs, called "braces,
and are usually attended by one or more keepers. Their pur-
pose is to alert their keeper whenever someone's death falls in
the purview of one of the Seven Deathlords. In recent years,
the Hierarchy has begun using braces of barghests to track its
enemies. Barghests can attack savagely when ordered to, but
they are normally servile creatures. They will obey any order
given by their keeper, even unto death.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Charisma Q,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 0, Perception 5, Intelligence 1, Wits
3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Tiacking 5
Arcanos: Argos 1, Keening 4 (primarily Ding
seendo)
Willpower: 4
Angst: 7/5
Corpus: 6
Equipment: Barghest Muzzle

and Cre-


CZ

Nort Antagonist

) have fought the shadow of death. Because
of this, human willpower has become
| anathema to death itself: indeed, many
A) people can stay alive through use of their
| willpower alone

Because human willpower is directly
‘opposed to death, humans can use their Willpower Trait in
certain ways to inhibit and affect wraiths.

Warding

Funerals; the practice of pressing two coins into the eyes
nce of iron fences, a rusty nail over the

et, ora glass of Bay rum and water; incense
cd offerings: humanity uses a plethora of means to fend
off the supernatural.

 ¢

smoke

In times when humanity responded more to myth than to
science, these remedies proved effect ast wraiths. Since
the Industrial Revolution these remedies have been ridiculed,
refuted, or forgotten. Still, mortals who find themselves
haunted or hounded by w
their grandmother's remedies against them. The following
spells, wards, and superstitions still work for those who are
willing to invest their Willpower in them.

8 would do well to remember

Note thata mortal must have the knowledge to enact these
rituals (Occult 3 or higher). Furthermore, the mortal must
personally believe that the rituals will work; if she is

or hardened person who does not believe in the supernatural,
she may not use Forbiddance or Warding.

Any belief or practice that protects humans from wraiths
does so in one of two ways: it can actively Forbid them ot it
can passively Ward them.

Forbiddance

Forbiddance involves driving a wraith from an area. The
mortal enacting the Forbiddance rolls Willpower (difficulty
7). A wraith must spend one Willpower point per success on
the Forbiddance roll to stay in the area. A wraith may counter
this activity by attempting to frighten or unnerve the mortal
using his own Arcanos: in this case, the Forbiddance roll is
‘opposed by the appropriate Arcanos roll. Otherwise, the weaith
‘must leave the area as soon as possible. Once the mortal's at-

tention is focused elsewhere, however, the wraith may return.


1b eA

Hading
Warding is more of a passive defense. All warding has a
specific focus based on the ancient lore used to protect the
area: it could be a rusty iron nail, a ring of salt, burning in-
protec usually a building or otherwise permanent struc
twre, from intrusion by wraiths. The mortal rolls his perma-

rent Willpower (difficulty 7) and spends at least one tempo-
tary Willpower to enact the warding. The number of successes
coved on this roll indicates how long the warding lasts (see
the Warding Chart), and the mortal's permanent Willpower
score equals the difficulty for using Arcanos to penetrate the
area (this roll is made before any roll to penetrate the Shroud).

Thus, the Warding must be
putes. A Warded area is very
impossible to exper

Warded area. Enter

c area is nearly impossible, req
ce Moliate (to flow under a doo
gos (using Jump).

the use of an Ax

through a crack) o

th chooses to attack the focus of
mbody

can effectively
the focus inoperative oF ine

ng the nail

ish, disrupting the salt cirele, exti

[he Fading of Death's image

Mortals cannot sense anything but the simplest of impulses
from a wraith's presence: though th

uishing the incense).

avoid wraiths uncon-

sciously, they cannot feel them or see them excepe when they
are drunk, exhausted, or otherwise weakened — or unless the f
wraith wishes to be seen,

innocence

Tiue innocence is rare in the World of Darkness; it is neatly
impossible to find in any adult. Even children in the Gothic-
yocence quickly. St

Punk world

in most cases, a
perience is innocent. Esen-
tsuntil one leaves the things of child-

mortal who is yo
tially, one's innocence

free

hood behind,

Innocent humans can often see wraiths in the
Shadowlands. This usually occurs only at night, and only when
the innocent one has a quiet moment during which he is not en


concentrating on anything else. In genet
the Perception of the innocent char

1 Storyteller rolls
ce (difficulry 6). Most
innocent ones will not necessarily react to the wraith with

fear: part of the nature of innocence is a
mort

lief that one is im-
for the . Some chil
beyond their years, may see a wraith for what he is

— but for the most p

— death holds no f

dren, w
a monst

friends" tell them

ause of their lack of fear of death, the inno:
ths. They may forbid a

roach or rouch them, or may command them to

Perhaps b

cent also hold a strong power over wt

innocent mortal
1 Forbiddan«

In practice,
in order to pet

need not know ancient lore
d Warding: they do not
but their general mien
one!" or "Get out of here!" have

stinctively know that they

i innocence: many of the insane are so

d from mortal concems that they revert toa state of
innocence. (This does not generally apply to Malkavian vam-
pires.)

% Writ etn

Tes a of Tela .

¢ what you hear

Dat be 1 what you

When you just close your eyes
You can

the enemy.
— U2, "Actob:

Tertullian was a very
that the Devil would hide his ev
going so far as to heal some people
the worst of sins.

The Sons of Tertullian are holy warric
destroying all wraiths and other "devil spawn." The
Tertullian actively search for people suppos
who claim to speak with the dead (psychi id the
insane), and sometimes simply those faithful who speak out
against "the word of God," and must therefore be possessed

All Tertullians a
as their main tool of attack. Such exorcisms vary somewhat
from prac practitioner, but all are physically brutal
and demanding on the supposedly possessed victim. The
Tertullians take the words of the Malleus Mall

writer who waned

bur tha

g goodness, even
mitating God was

mmitted to

Sons of

those

ned exorcists who employ exorcism


therein. Their methods are crude, but can be surprisingly ef-
fective if wraith truly is Skinriding an individual. Unfortu-
nately for the objects oftheir vigorous exorcisms, the Tertullians
areunable to tell whether a victim is truly possessed by a wrait
cxsimply psychic, crazy, etc., until che wrath leaves the person's
boy.

Alas for those not wraith-ridden, the not-so-tender min-
isrations ofthe exorcists become ever more violent, and such
patients almost never survive the experience. Even those who
ane wraith-ridden often die in the exorcism's wake. The
Tecullians find such deaths somewhat regrettable, but feel jus-
ied in their actions as they are providing the individual with
achance at salvation. Ifthe newly dead victim becomes wraith
upon death, the Tertullians simply assume she was the "pos-
sesing spirit" and arcempt to "kill" her fora second time.

The Sons have a variety of methods to ferret out wraiths
possessing mortals, most of which involve the use of certain
Hesed artifacts capable of alerting them to such a possession.
These powers are considered divine, and Tertullians capable
cf such divination are highly respected among those of the
onder

The Tertullians have other weapons at their disposal. A
small percentage of Tertullians are capable of more advanced
forms of exorcism. Through the application of specially pre-
pared holy water, some Tertullians can see, to. limited extent,
into the Shadowlands.

Ihe Sect of Saint james

Though love repine, and reason chafe,
There came a voice without reply —
"Tis man's perdition to be safe,
When for the ruth he ought to die."

— Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Sacrifice"

‘Saint James isa very small and radical subcult
yembership of the sect
(which numbers no more than 99 members at any time) fol
lows the teachings of Saint James. Specifically, the sect fol-
Jows a peculiar version of the dictates set down in the Secret
Book of James, one of the recently discovered Gnostic Gos-
pels. Although many scholars debate the authenticity of the
scroll, the sect accepts its teachings utterly. The scroll records
that God, through his disciples, taughe thar truly virtuous men
would kill themselves so that they might enter boldly into the
kingdom of Heaven. The text goes on to say that those men
who commit righteous suicide would be saved before all others
at the day of Judgment.

The members of the sect believe they have a sacred duty
‘okill themselves and take the battle against the creatures of
darkness into the Devil's realm itself. Only those Tertullians
who prove themselves most worthy (and fanatical) are invited
tobecome members of the sect.

The sect has developed prescribed rituals to send its mem-
bers into the Underworld to face the enemy. Before any mem-
ber is allowed to make such a journey, he must first prove hi
self worthy of the honor. This is done by facing all manner of
dangerous foes and learning all available information regard
ing wraiths. When the head of the sect believes a brother's
mind and soul are sufficiently prepared, he instructs the brother
to create a weapon of righteousness with his own hands. These
weapons can take many forms (although they are all edged
weapons) and are highly individualized. It often takes more
than a year to manufacture such a weapon. Once completed,
they are among the most powerful weapons created by mor-
als.

When the weapon is prepared and the brother has proved
his worth beyond a shadow of a doubr, the brother is inducted
intoa group known asa "cross," made up of four to eight broth-
ers. The brothers of a cross are spiritually bound cogether
through a powerful blessing. The members of across then com-
mit suicide, using their specially prepared weapons. The ritual
transports the newly dead brothers to the Underworld, where
they immediately set about destroying as many wraiths as they
can before they are themselves destroyed. Upon their destruc-
tion, the brothers believe they are transported to Heaven it-
self, providing they fought honorably.

Even many members of the Inquisition question the meth-
ods of the Sect of Saint James, and several times the sect's
teachings have nearly been declared heresy by the rest of the
order. However, its members argue that Jesus himself commit-
ted suicide by allowing his own death and that he even now
sits at the right hand of God. They staunchly avow their claim
that they are following the words of their Lord and master, and
none can sway the brothers from their chosen course.

qhe Arcanum

The Arcanum is a secret society focusing on the accumu:
lation and assimilation of occult information. It was founded
in the late 1880s by a combi
ars seeking occult lore of a thas many
chapter houses set up throughout the world. Three of the larg-
est are located in Boston, Massachusetts; London, England;
and Georgetown in Washington D.C.

Scholars of the Arcanum focus on a variety of occult at-
as, including faerie, werewolf, vampire, and wraith lore. The
Arcanum does not reveal itself to the world at large, as its
members reason that most people are unable to understand
the greater truths the Arcanum is dedicated to unlocking.

The Arcanum has had limited, but still promising, suc-
cess in its studies of life and death, including the development
of elixirs of health and other alchemical devices. However,
although such devices have proved useful in delaying the on-
set of aging, they are by no means a true cure for aging, which
is what many of the Arcanum's members ultimately seek.


The scholars of the Ar
tories, and a great deal of money at their disposal. The schol-
re one of the largest bodies of factual lore on the Under-
world in all the Skinlands. In addition, their chapter houses
contain the largest collection of trapped wraiths in the living
lands,

ast libraries, labora.

Members of the Arcanum are scholars and seldom attempt
much active investigation of their own. The Arcanum usually
hires freelancers of one type or another to capture wraiths.
sociate members who, al
fe quite adept at tracking and trapping
ind other spiritual entities.

The Arcanum also has certain
though not scholar
wraith,

L capable of trapping and holding
Kelvin is current
his extreme age, and hi
short. In recent years Kelvin has dk

plasmic being showings

ated all his effi

unlocking the secret
the living and the
Path

There is a

and inject it into derelict

supply of such desperate ath:

hot meal and warm bed they are offered will soon bri

Kelvin has kept th
ly of the

The Benandanti

‘out, a possessed witch, haunting the black air,

1 have gon
braver at night:
Anne Sexton, "Her Kind"

The Benandanti ar

the power to see wr:

human society whose members have

ths. Half-forgotten legends state that from
sundown to sunup, the Benandanti themsel
the Underworld. If one of the Benand:

ti is ever caught away
from her body at sunrise, however, she becomes trapped in
wraith form. The now-soulless body becomes comatose, puz-

ing physicians, who find no medical cause for such an occur-
rence. On rare occasions, a Benandanti has found her way back
to her body on her own after months or even years in the

Shadowlands, but such a return is rare.

The Benandanti both study and fear wraiths. Many
Benandanti believe wraiths are evil souls who must be de-
stroyed, whil

other members bel

re the souls are merely con-

fused and must be encouraged to move on. Benandanti often
begin their wraithly existence in positions of power in the
Underworld — often among the Rene
Lady of Fate also employs a number of Benandanti wraiths
nandanti wraiths often bring powerful relics and artifacts
with them, including their fennel swords, rumored to be very
effective at battling spirit creatures.

‘The Benandanti comprises humans who were born witha
act Caul. Ifa Benandanti is present at the birth of such
a mortal and/or can obtain a piece of her birth Caul, the young
mortal may become a member of this strange society. Each
Benandanti carries a piece of his birth Caul on his person at
all times. Without a piece of his birth Caul, a Benandanti can-
not use his powers.

The Ompic Circle

‘The members of the Orphie Circle are a varied bunch of
scholars, visionaries, vampires of the Giov
Euthanatos death mages. The Circle is an ancient organiza:
tion (currently totaling approximately 300 members) that takes
care to keep its existence hidden from other bei

The Circle's manifest purpose is to discover the true na.
ture of death. Many acolytes of the Circle scout the Under
world, performing experiments on the realm itself as well as its
inhabitants to determine if there is a way for one's spirit to
move beyond the need for both life and death. Members of the
Circle are often willing to experiment with anything from drugs
to sacrifices (of the living and the dead) in order to gain even
a shred of useful information.

Members of the Circle view the legendary Orpheus as a
hero who discovered a way to transcend both life and death
Orpheus was the only known to journey into the Un:
derworld and return again into the realm of the living, suppos-
edly carrying the sacred tomes that outlined the great Mystet-
ies themselves. Some members of the Circle even claim that
Orpheus journeyed into the Underworld specifically to find
knowledge

Of all Skinlands societies, chis group most assuredly has
the best grasp on both the physical and political nature of the
Underworld. Whar the Circle plans to do with this informa-
tion is unclear, but the most persistent rumor involves a plan
to rip away the Shroud that now separates the world of the
living from the world of the dead. There are also other rumors
that some members of the Circle have made pacts with certain
Underworld figures, actually participating in "assassinations"
of other wraiths. Officially, however, the Circle maintains a
stance of strict neutrality in such matters.

The Hierarchy wishes to put an end to the Orphic
Ie is concerned about the great deal of knowledge the
possesses, and believes such knowledge could be used by the
Renegades or the living.

still


as wraiths do through the Underworld.
They rule the cities with frighteningly
complex schemes that usually require hun
dreds of years to come to fruition. Because
they dwell in many places where wraiths
alo dwell, itis important to know where the vampires are in
your city, and what they are dk

Many vampires can see wraiths who are in the
Shadowlands by looking in the right pl
i

aco

nd attempting to
n "clans" of vampires (they
anized into clans based on the bloodline of their founder)
havea little more power over wraiths than others do — the
Giovanni clan is specifically quite powerful, for its members

ive the wraiths' auras. Cert

study the magic of the dead and have learned how to summon
Spectres and wraiths from the Shadowlands. The vampires of
the Tremere clan also know the secrets of the occult

Thaumaturgy — they study paths of magical knowledge and
secret rituals that allow them to affect ghosts and wraiths.
Many of the legends about vampires are false, though some

awe rue, Vampires must avoid fire and sunlight, because these

substances cause them extreme pain and inflict terrible dam-
age. They are unaffected by crosses or holy items unless the
individual who uses them has True Faith. Ga

and running
water have no effect on them.

Because a vampire who has recently feasted on blood is
usually much stror ‘and faster than a mortal, you must keep
track of the vampire's current Blood Pool (the number of "Blood
Points" the vampire has cot ecently). A vampire may

al Attributes tempo
He may also spend a Blood Point to heal one nor

spend Blood Points to ine

wound,
Below are some statistics for young, old, Giov:
Tremere vampires.
Arcanos: The Arcanos ratings in the listings don't accu-
rately represent the full scope of

mpire powers. For example,

a Vampire's "Puppetry" in ability to con-

Arcanos represent

trol mortals rather than actually possess them. You should use

more appropriate vampire Disciplines in your game if you own.
Vampire: The Masquerade.

Neonates: These are the youngest vampires, who have
not yet reached 100 y e. They are the "teenagers"

of vampire society. Wraiths are most likely to encounter these

vampires, b and usu-

neonates are prolific in the ¢
ally wander into places where wraiths dwell

ANSON 944

tuributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9),
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 7, Arcanos 4, Blood Pool 10
Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of at least 2

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2,
Dodge 1, Etiquette 1, Expression 1, Intimidation 2, Melee I,
Occult 1, Stealth 3, Su

Suggs
shroud)

‘ashionable clothing, switeh

Elders are the princes of their urban realms and
often dominate a city's polities. Elder vampires have survived
between 300 and 1000 years,
herent powers. The Traits below represent a typi
or European elder

Character C 10/2/5, Abili
Backgrounds 12, Willpower 8, Arcanos 7, Blood Pool 20

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of at least 4 in So-
cial, 3 in Mental, and 2 in Physical Attributes

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Br
Dodge 3, Etiquette 3, Expression 1, Intimidation 4, )
Occult 2, Stealth 3, Streerwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Suggested Arcanos: Puppetry 4, Keening 4, Angos I (En
shroud)

Equipment: Outdated but expensive clothing, tinted
glasses, pocket watch, sword cane

Tremere

The Tremere are scholars of magical lore and rit

thus have considerable in

aware of the existence of

bodes from them,
irual called Ward
inst wraiths.

wraiths and will take steps to protect their
In fact, the more powerful Tremere kno
iris, which protects them a

Tremere rarely have Occult ratings
sdges like Spivit

above listings to repre
sent them,

Giovanni

The Giovann

ly wealthy
whose primary interests are business and necromancy. They
literally only make vampires from other members oftheir orig
— there are a few C i who are not
, but they are protected by their vampiric family
i have passed down wraith lore throughout the ages

and should be considered the sin

allies.
Character Creation: Attributes 10/5/3, Abilities 21/9/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 7, Arcanos 4, Blood Pool 10


m Puppetry 3, Keening 2, Argos 1,
Lifeweb |
Equipment: Immaculate Italian suit, omate antique dag.

ancy isa power that
Giovanni to manipulate weaiths. In general, a
anni must own one of the wraith's Fetters b a
fect a wraith. It is rated in levels just like an Arcanos.
scromancy lets a Giovanni see what a
recently dec : gives the Giovanni
the power to summon ghos

wraiths (thi

stows the po

the Shadow

sisted with the

Giovanni to extract a

effectively turns h

Arcanos) with

ne level of Necromancy. For more information on Gk
owers, consult the Vampire Players Guide

by giving a mortal oF vampire some vampire t
oot first draining the creature of its own life
use human or animal Traits wit
eal Attributes (particularly Ste

Special Rules: So long as ghouls imbibe vampire Blood
reguliely, they can live forever. However, once Ul
their natural lifespan has must always have
dle very quickly — within a few days or perhaps even a few
Ihours. Ghouls can use the blo! within them
heal). Assume ghouls have one t0 10 Bhoxl
ing on the xenerosity of their master.

Werewolves

e wilderness of the World of Dad


The Garou are a race of wolfen shapechangers who claim
a cultural heritage stretching far into the mists of prehistory.
They see themselves as the defenders of Gaia, the Earth Mother,
and in this role they mete out a violent justice against any
who transgress their Litany. Their legends speak of a monstrous,
metaphysical being called the Wyrm, the source of all evil ac-
conding to the Garou. They can sniff out the taint ofthis beast
‘on their enemies, and they use this "stench" as justification to
destroy any who stand againse them.

Culturally, the Garou are divided into different tribes, 13
Ithough there isa 14th "lose tribe," the Black Spi-
ral Dancers, which joined the Wyrm long ago. Each tribe has
‘own identity, causes and goals. For instance, the Black Fu-
ries are a tribe composed only of women, while the Fianna a
all of Celtic descent and celebrate their Celtic-based culture.
There are also two Native American tribes, embittered over
the loss of their lands to the Europeans; and a tribe of technol-
ogy fetishists called the Glass Walkers.

Powers: All Garou can assume a variety of forms: humar
wolf; and a host of intermediary forms, the most dreaded of
which is the Crinos form, the legendary half-man/half-wolf
form, In all forms, but especially in the Crinos, Garou are ex-
pett warriors and shamans. They are incredibly resistant to
damage and can almost instantly heal what damage they take

~ except that delivered by a silver weapon, against which
they have no defense. (Werewolves ean soak aggravated dam-
‘age — except silver — but cannot regenerate it quickly.)

‘The Garou's magical abilities are gifted to them by nature
spirits. These abilities range from control over the elements to
massive strength and awesome prowess in war.

‘The Garou have close ties to the spirit world — the Um-
bbra — and can easily enter this world via a process they call

repping sideways." They have such deep tiesto nature spirits
that they regularly bind them into objects, creating magical
artifuets. However, few Garou have truck with the spirits of
the dead. The glaring exceptions to this are the Silent Steid-
ts, a tribe of wanderers whose deathlore stretches back to
their origins in ancient Egypt. The Striders know many differ-
cent methods of entering the Underworld and gaining prophetic
lore from the dead. In addition, experienced Garou shamans
have certain powers that affect wraiths, such as the ability to
exorcise wraiths from their Fetters

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/9/3,
Backgrounds 5, Willpower 8
Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except in

I Attributes, where you can assume ratings of 3.
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 3, Athlet-
ies 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Enigmas 1, Intimidation 2, Medicine

1, Occult 1, Stealth 3

Special Rules: Werewolves have three main forms —man,
R wolf and wolfman (Crinos). The firse two are quite mundane.

When in wolfman form, however, a werewolf adds three dots

to all Physical Attributes, can regenerate one Health Level

Phys

per turn (except for damage caused by silver, fire, m
the teeth and claws of a supernatural entity), and is immune |
to dice penalties for being wounded.

In addition, werewolves provoke reactions of uncontrol:
lable fear in mundane humans who witness them in wolfman
form.

Mages

‘Magic is seldom spectacular because it seldom needs to be.
—Donald Tyson, Ritual Magic

Mages are enlightened humans who can bend reality to
their whim. While many are limited in their power, some few
achieve near-godlike levels of power. Whether these workers
‘of magick are friends or enemies ofthe Restless depends largely
on each individual mage

There are a variety of mage factions, and they wage a war
over reality itself, fighting for something they call "Ascension."
‘Some mages, called "Dreamspeakers," respect the spirit world
and wish, for the most par, to commune with the Restless and
then depart, Others, such as the Technocratic Void Engineers,
seek to stamp out anything chat does not fit into theit ideal
Vision of reality. The enigmatic Euthanatos have the closest
dealings with the dead; they themselves can pass into the
Shadowlands for short periods of time and work potent death
magicks. The corrupt Nephandi also attempt to tap the ener-
gies of the Underworld, but their purposes disturb even the
most ruthless wraiths.

Mages generally prefer to work their are with as litle fan
fare as possible. Some mystic Restless claim that mages fear a
force called "Paradox," which cancels their magick or destroys
mages utterly. While some mages do not seem to care about
this so-called "Paradox," most use subtle tactics and quiet
magicks.

Powers: Mages have a broad range of powers to all upon;
using Areanos to represent mage magick is problematic at best.
The Storyteller would be within her rights simply to allow a
‘Storyteller character mage to accomplish a range of given ef
fects within one or two arcas of expertise. These effects would
have difficulties of 5 to 8; the effectiveness ofthe magick would
depend on how many successes the mage rolled — very litele
with one, noticeable effects with two, a fair amount with tht
‘great success with four and exceptional success with fi
more.

Most magick does not inflict aggravated damage, but fi
electricity, or a powerful atcack of pure magickal force inflicts
aggravated damage if it scores three or more successes (two
levels per success over the second). Give the mage two to six
dice to roll for this, depending on the power of the mage. If
you have Mage: The Ascension, use the Spheres and Arete
from that book instead.


The two mid-level mages below represent a Tradition adept
of the Euthanatos and a Void Engineer ghost-hunter. Both have
a degree of mortal and magickal skill and may have skilled
allies or retainers of some sort.

Character Creation: Attributes 4/6/9, Abilities 20/8/3,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 8, Magick Dice Pool 12/5

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2 in Physical
Attributes, 3 in Social, and 4 in Mental.

Futhanatos Mage

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Etiquette 3, Expression 1, Firearms 2, Linguistics 2, Mel
Occult 4, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 2

Suggested Areas of Expertise: Entropy (magicks of break-
ing things down), Life (magicks of living things), Spirit (to
see or interact with the Restless)

ipment: Dark practical clothing with many pockets,
ritual accessories, knives, poison

Void Engineer

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2,
3, Firearms 3, Inves

Repair 4,

Suggested Areas of Expertise: Forces (elements), Spirit,
Prime (the keystone energy of creation)

Disruptor Cannon (Level 4 Device

blasts of Pris
wraiths. Th s one Corpus Level of ag
damage per success the mage rolls on a Dexterity + Firearms
roll. Good for 10 shots

Spirit Goggles (Level 1 Device): allows the hunter to see
into the Shadowlands with a successful Wits + Alertness roll
difficulty 4)

Loose clothing, trenchcoat, scientific paraphernalia

Changelings (Faeries)

On the day of the dead, when the year too dies,

Must the youngest open the oldest hil

— Susan Cooper, "Silver on the Tree"

Faeries are beings composed of m dspirit. Although
wraiths do not usually enter faeries' schemes or stories, many
facries have alliances with spirits of the dead through ancient
pacts and agreements. Because the Dream Realms border on
Arcadia (the faeries' homeland) as well as the Underworld
there are several dark fey (particularly a group called the
Knights of the Poisoned Rose) who travel back and forth be-
tween the Sunless Lands and the Summerlands as a matter of
course. Also, a number of wraiths (primarily those of Celtic

umored to travel through the Dream Realms to


Arcadia. There, they serve some faerie nobility as banshees,
Kecning and using Phantasm for their plea

During the Inquisition, most faeries led Earth,
y faeries, however, stayed behind for reasons o
nt halls
pest oceans. When the
across the world, the remainin;

i fortresses under hills and in

laid ies suffocating power

ies grew insular, static, and

Ghosts and faeries share many characteristics: both are
creatures born of spirit and composed of magic. Both feel the
weight of reality as it tries to erode their very existence. Both

‘must congregate in forgotten places. Both are affected by the
mortal world in vari

so ranted
n their faerie heti
these faeries are called changelings by true
ter the ancient p ng a fac
human baby. Cha dodie, and,
how cut off from the fundamental power of the fey, can also
become wraiths

with human blood that they have for
tage

ries, af-
child with a

ce of exch:
ngelings can and do d

they are son

nerally feared: because they are creatures of

spitit, they can easily make attacks across the Shroud.
Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Pathos 8, Willpower

7, Corpus 7, Angst 6/6

assume noble faeries (not changelings) generally have Argos
4, Kee Lifeweb 3, Moliate 4, and Ph
all faerie powers must be united under a specific affiliation or
erie allied with Winter would
angeli erally spe-
in one area (usually Phantasm, Pandemonium, Keen
Moliate) and are generally not as powerful as ruc fries.
angelings usually appear as young, adolescent, or eld
erly humans. They are noble, powerful, and unearthly. True
fey appear in thousands of shapes, forms, colors, and textures

Others

There are many other possible antagonists and allies for
wraiths: Black Spiral Dancers, certain Silent Striders and other
werewolves, Pentex agents using wraiths for "juice" in some of
their vile manufacturing plants, unaffiliated psychics, manipu-
lative mediums, etc. For further information on how to inte:
grate other supernatural beings into your Wraith campaign,
see the Wraith Storyteller's Screen.

ality. For example, a


he toys in the attic come out to play,
They hate it when you lock them awey

— Marionettes, "Ave Dementia"

Within the Shadowlands there are
powerful "magical" devices, commonly
known as artifacts. Artifacts are one-of
kind items, and each has its own powers
and limitations. All artifacts are empowered by the energies of
the soul.

Antifacts are rare and ancient items. While new artifacts
aay be fashioned by those rare few skilled in the arts, the pro-
cess is never easy. In fact, owning
piece of Underworld mythology. Artifacts v
magic sword that curses opponents, to a headman's axe that
always aims for the head, to a love potion capable of over-
whelming any wraith with emotion, to wax-and-feather wings
that allow a wraith to fly. The possibilities are endless

Master Arcificers, it is said, invest part of their essence
into artifacts created in the Underworld. Masks of office, po-
tent weapons and special tools are built to specifications and
sold for very high prices. To receive such an item, a wraith

‘must perform some great service or def
Such artifacts are neither common nor easy to conceal; many
can he traced by the essence within them.

Maintaining Artifacts

Each use of an artifact's power requites the expenditure of
‘one point of the Pathos stored in the item. The wraith can use
a point of her own Pathos in place of the artifacts. When all
the Pathos inside an artifact is expended, the wraith can no
longer use the artifact's powers, though the artifact is still con-
sidered "enchanted" and may be recharged by channeling more
Pathos into the item. Actifacts can only contain a certain
unt of Pathos, which is de ned when the artifact is
created

nneling Pathos into an artifact is simply a matter of
ansferring Pathos from the wraith's own Corpus into the ar
tifact. Ie only requires concentration and a few seconds to do

Common
Seal of Citizenship (evel

In the ancient days of the Stygian Empire, citizens were
given these seals as symbols of their citizenship. They were

used to sign documents, approve agreements, open special locks,
and identify oneself and one's position in the Hierarchy.

This careful system of seals and identification has since
broken down in the Shadowlands because of the general anar-
chy there. Now, only the Anacreons possess these seals from
Stygia, but many Freewraiths have begun using discarded and
stolen seals as means of marking what is theirs

Occasionally, a wraith will use a seal to "prove" that he is
of the Hierarchy.

Flask of Liquid Hate (vel 1)

Emotion, properly distille
rumored that long ago, Renegades pursuing forgotten forms of
magic found a way to remove the hatred they kept inside them-
selves and distill ic into a potable form. Whether they're still
capable of this is doubrful, but flasks filled with Liquid Hare
are still secretly bought and sold in Hierarchy bazaars.

A flask of Liquid Hate usually contains from one to three
points of Hate Pathos. However, after a wraith has consumed
that hate, he will slowly bleed it through his eve
gesture. As soon as the Pathos is spent to fuel an Ar
ction will also be tainted with hatred.

AA flask can be refueled by burying it under the ground in
an area tainted by sufficient intolerance, bigotry, oppression
or suffering. The type of hate that refills the flask will resemble
the hate that is stored there.

Skeleton's Key Level 2)

This lockpick is not used to open doors. [allows the user
to violate the tomb of an enemy. By inserting it in the soil
above a buried body, it will open the earth and uncover the @
enemy's corpse. If the enemy is another wraith, he will feel a
brief, yet excruciating pain as his Fetter is violated. Possessing
a Skeleton's Key isa serious crime in the eyes of the Hierarchy

Bedside Candle (Level 2)

Wayfaring through the Underworld ean often result in a
Circle of wraiths getting hopelessly lost. The Bedside Candle
is one possible solution to this. After it has "fueled" for one
day — that is, been allowed to soak up the resonant Passion
stored within a Haunt — it can be used to lead a Circle of
‘wraiths back to their Haunt. The candle, when lit, will burn
for one day. The smoke from the flame will waft in the direc
tion of the Haunt. Refueling the candle at the Haunt will re-
store it.

Book of Lies (evel 2)

When betraying the Renegades or the Hierarchy, an ethi-
cally challenged wraith may need a bit of advice on what to

can take

angle form. It is

action and


P do. A wraith who has offered himself ro the Heretics made be
graced with a Book of Lies if he is particularly promising.
‘The wraith can open the book at any time (preferably in
private) to gain a bit of advice on what co do next. The Book
‘of Lies will eradicate some of the initiate's Pathos (two points)
in exchange for a brief passage suggesting a possible course of
action. In-game, the character gains an extra three dice on a
Subterfuge roll. Out-of-game, the Storyteller advises the player
(hopefully in private) on a possible course of action.

Nietaschean Tightrope (evel 3)

Ie is rumored that a young suicide wanted to learn the art
of Argosalmost immediately ater his death. He stumbled upon
‘a most unusual ritual: by raking the rope with which he hanged
himselfand throwing ic into the Tempest, he could walk across
itto hisdestination. Many tried to emulate this ritual, but few
succeeded. He later revealed that alone in the Tempest, he
could truly explore the depths of his Shadow and, by confront-
ing it, better understand it

This philosophical journey has been studied in some cults
‘of the Heretics, and some ofthe ropes used by Masters of Argos
have become holy objects. The user of a Nietzschean Tight-
fope must enact a ritual, walk alone into the Tempest, and
‘overcome his Shadow. The Shadow player will detail all the
recent doubts, fears and failures of the wayfarer. The experi-
ence is similar to Harrowing, bue the difficulties ofall rolls to
fight off the Shadow are reduced by two. Ifthe wayfarer wins,
the ritual reduces the Angst of the Shadow by five and allows
the wayfarer to cross the Tempest and reach his destination.

F Soultite (level Variable, see below)

The Hierarchy reaps tremendous amounts of Pathos en-
‘ergy from the souls it collects. This Pathos is channeled through
strange ebony crystalline rods and collected in massive black
prisms. As the prisms fill up, they begin ro glow from within
Rand cast shadows much like fire: because of this radiance, the
Hierarchy calls the collected energy "soulfire." Soulfire is a
resource among the Hierarchy, who uses it to fuel its Arcanos,
‘weaponry, and

Soulfire is dispensed into smaller, spherical black crystals.
BH thar glow from withi full and gradually dim as they lose
power. These crys able: many wraiths can pick up a
few oboli fro just by returning soulfire crys-
tions asked. There are a limited number of them:
they are mined out of the Venous Stair near Stygia.

X There are several sizes and shapes of these crystals, each
holding a different amount of Pathos:

Is, no qu

Size and Shape Pathos Artifact Level
Shard (pocket-sized) 10 1
Prism (portable) 20 2
Cone (luggable) 30 3
Sphere (vehicle-mounted) 40 4
Great Sphere (stationary) 50 5

Nhl s Embrace (Level: variable, see below)

‘These chains, forged of jet-black steel, are used to bind
wraiths. They resist destruction by Arcanos and inhibit a
wraith's powers. The locks on these chains range from me-
chanical (in which case they can be picked) to magical (in
which case one must know the proper password or thought 10
unlock them)

A wraith in Nhudri's Embrace who attempts to use
Arcanos must overcome the virtue of resistance in the chains:

Level Resistance
1 3 dice
2 5 dice
3 Tdice
4 Bdice
5 10 dice

The Storyteller rolls the resistance of the chains as an
‘opposed roll versus the character's Arcanos when she attempts
to.use an art. The chains get a bonus of two dice for resistance
if the Arcanos is specifically focused on them.

Laury

Narisus' Mas (evel)

‘This artifact makes the wearer appear absolutely, stun-
ningly beautiful: during the time he wears it, he gains an effec-
tive Appearance score of 5, or 6 if his Appearance is already 5.
Over time, however, use of this mask causes a wraith' face t0
become gradually more featureless until his eyes and mouth
ae just slits and his face is polished to a mirror sheen.

A wraith may wear a Narcissus' Mask for up toa day ata
time without any il effects. After that, however, he will begin
to lose Appearance points at the rate of one pet four hours the
mask is worn. Only judicious use of Moliate can fix damage
done in this fashion, and even then the wraith can never be
fully restored to his previous beau

Lucky Pennies (eve )

Numerous small objects get lost each day. Many mortals
find the idea of finding or losing a penny or two to be a rather
insignificant event. A few wraiths have been known to collect
"Lucky Pennies" asa result of this.


A Lucky Penny is capable of passing from the Underworld
to the Skinlands without much difficulty. A wraith can toss a
Lucky Penny into the real world, where it will land with a

earby mortal will be distracted for
ind the degree to which he ignores the
sound depends on a roll of Intelligence. (With four successes,
the mortal will completely ignore it; on a botch, the mortal

will feel a brief shiver of terror and investigate.)

Ifthe penny comes up heads, it will fade into the Under-
world after one scene and can be retrieved by the wraith. If

the penny comes up tails, it will disappear and later be found
bya mortal. Despite this, ifa mortal flips the coin later and it
comes up tails, it will eventually drift into the Underworld

again, where it may be found by another wraith.

Lucky Pennies are fairly rare, but they can be spent wisely
by ingenious wraiths.

Silken Lust (Level 2)

Silks are a popular commodity in Hierarchy merch
stalls, but sometimes a dealer can find something that's a little
more precious. Silken Lust is a type of fabric woven from a
plasm of unknown origin. A wraith who drapes the silk across
her Corpus will slowly gain both Pathos and Angst. Evoking
the effect usually takes a full day, but after that, che wraith will

gain three points in both categories. Some Renegades have
been known to weave entire garments from Silken Lust. These 9)
poor souls revel in the continuous effects of this illicit sub-
stance.

Miror of Lucretia (evel 3)

Lucretia Borgia, after death, was rumored to have long
conversations with her dark side. Her Shadow would whisper
to her...and she would talk back. She was able to confront
and Castigate her Shadow by summoning a shard of it int
reflective surface. Heretic Craftsman are rumored to have dis
covered the secret of crafting mirrors that can emulate her t

ent.

By spending a point of Angst and three points of Pathos,
a wraith can empower the device with a shard of her own
Shadow. She can then reason with itand even bargain with it. §

This is represented in the game by having the player di-
rectly confront and argue to make ba
gains with her Shadow. The Shadow, however, is under no
obligation to listen.


The Masque of Tragedy is a type of disguise used to hide a
wraith's true emotions. Bernhart, th f emotional dis:
guise, is rumor

A wraith
10 and may fal
thar the wearer is driven

Cloak of Night (evel 3)

This dark cloak is w

damaging effects of Nihils and Maclstroms,

Borgia Dollhouse (Level 4)

her love of intrigue with her be:

nigh Lucreta's personal
own to exist

sformed, the dolls will
wander the ha
of che wraiths ro
is used to empower the dolls
the dollhouse, one can gain

ithe farce enacted
0 the activities of one's

Wings of Ecstasy (evel 4)

To craft Wings of Ecstasy, the feathers of dead birds ate
gathered and affixed
like the skeletal structure of

shape his own

Dexterity + Athletic
unable to walk for on

Weapons

Eternal Timepiece (Level 3)

This device appears as a watch without hands. A wraith
who wears it never loses track of the passage of time in the


mortal world, has three dice of countermagick
here, may nullify a vanmpire's Celerity (three
ch success removes one level of vampiric
Celerity), and cannot be attacked more than once in.a turn by
werewolf using Rage

Vehet Glove evel 4)

The appearance of this relic is deceptive. Although it is
fragile and embellished with lace, the touch of a relic Velvet
Glove brings unspeakable anguish. A wraith striking with the
slove ( slap will do) gains an extra four dice of damage
in combat.

Broadsword of Damocles (Level 4)

Many times, the Angst of a wraith can be consumed by a

need to avenge himself on enemies. Some relic weapons chan-
cl into combat prowess. However, ifthese ener-
tered, they can damn a wraith. The Broad-

sword of Damocles is an example of this principle.

When the sword is drawn from its scabbard, the wielder's
ng
The weapon inflicts
f the wielder desires, adds one point
of damage for each point of Pathos expended. However, if the
Shadow of the wielder becomes dominant, it will take over in
bratcle. The wielder will then suffer one point of Corpus for
cach two points he inflicts. The Psyche ean still choose to
spend Pathos to heal.

Souled Weapons (evel: variable)

The Hierarchy has developed a technique for affixing
sulfite crystals to weapons so that they do not require Pathos
from their wielders. Such a weapon is called a "souled" weapon.
A souled weapon is considered p tly charged with Pa-
thos until iis used, at which poine the Pathos drains from the
soulfire crystal and into the weapon.

Explosives ean also be "souled" to provide the energy to
fuel the explosion

Possession of souled weapons
Hierarchy soldiers and other spe

forbidden to all except
officis

Pistol Level 1
Rifle Level 2
Machine Gun

Level 4

Srenade

uuming, tuming, turing through the years,
Minutes into hours and the hours into years
| Nothing changes; nothing ever could
‘Round and round and back where you began.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables
As living peoples throughout th¢
have kept a calendar marking solstices, equinoxes, and other
special days, so too do the dead. The calendar of the dead v
ies somewhat from group to group. Certain days are noted only
by followers of the Hierarchy, while Renegades and Her
hold celebrations and vigils of their own at other times. There

are, however, certain days that are observed by ll wraiths. Some
of the most important of these days are detailed belo

Many of the holidays celebrate dates on which the walls
between the worlds ofthe living and the dead are at their thin-
nest. The inhabitants of the Underworld are unsure as to why
this ebb and flow takes place, although it seems to be some-
how connected to th

the Earth in the he

All Hallows Eve

Alll Hallows Eve, Samhain, or Halloween as it is often
called, is one of the most important times in the year for wraiths.
Of all days, Samhain is the time when the veil beneath the §
worlds of the dead and the living is at its thinnest. On All
Hallows Eve, wraiths are free to interfere in the realm of the
living

From dawn of October 31st to dawn of November Ist
wraiths may do as they please. This freedom and the appear.
ge "cracks" in the Shroud between the worlds cause
many of the mortal myths regarding this night. Such cracks
can suck unwary wraiths into the world of the living, trapping
them there until dawn of November Ist.

The Day of the Dead

Although the living have many sand celebrations
for the dead, the dead themselves most commonly hold cer-
ay on the first new moon in autumn. At this time, wraiths
often make pilgrimages of one sort or another, for it is said to
be easiest to collect Pathos and artifacts at this time of the
year. Common destinations for such pilgrimages include Haunts,

Skinlands, the Sea of Souls in Stygia, and the Fa

Various Circles of wraiths also observe other feasts forthe
dead celebrated by different Skinlands cultures. In general,
wraiths view such festivals merely as opportunities
vest great amounts of Pathos from wil

phases of the moor
ns

1 the position of

ance of stra

ng living vessels.


Wraiths claim that during total eclipses of the sun the
powers of the Shadow grow, and that there isa great danger of
losing oneself forever during such events. To prevent such an
occurrence, many wraiths observe a temporary Pax, of time of
peace, where all wraiths may freely meet and no combat or
Pathos-thefts are to occur. During such eclipses, wraiths may
pass freely through territories and domains in which they would
normally fear to tread. However, there are small groups of
wraiths who espouse the philosophy that one must give one-
self over to the Shadow during such eclipses, lest the pent-up
‘Shadow grow too strong and unleash itself at some unforeseen
H time.

During total eclipses of the moon, wraiths believe they
‘can purify themselves and come closer to Transcendence by
diving into the Tempest and facing theie personal nightmares.
Such journeys are very dangerous, but wraiths who success-
fully confront their own failings often do seem to purge them-
selves of atleast some taint.

ittle Five Points
A Stine for Wraith

his section includes a sample setting for
Wraith: the Oblivion. Below you'll find
basic information fora beginning chronicle
as well as ideas for adventures. Here you'll
meet the Restless of Little Five Points, a
section of Atlanta. Information on other
parts of the city can be found in
Necropolis: Atlanta.

In our world, Little Five Points is considered to be the
"bohemian" section of Atlanta. It's a place to get "essentials"
you can't get anywhere else...if you're considered a "freak,"
that is. In other parts of the city, stores might have trouble
J selling drug paraphernalia, underground comic books, New Age
and pagan books, gay and lesbian fiction or alternative fash-
ion. In Little Five, however, everyone is welcome...except the
intolerant.

‘The area is filled with the living by day and almost empty
at night. There's an effort to exude a facade of liveliness and
creativity. You'll find apathy and poverty as well, but on a Sat-
urday afternoon, the acoustic guitars, tattoos and attitude try
to drive it away.

In the World of Darkness, Little Five Points is more grim.
The bright paint covers the decay of the buildings, and the
pretense of "life" cannot hide the presence of death. Wher-

ever the living congregate, the Restless also gather, drawn by
the passions of the living. Runaways, burouts, drug addicts,
fringe members of society, the homeless — they're all here,
and they're all waiting to be used.

Geography

The Little Five Points area, near Inman Park and
Reynoldstown, is accessible by the city's MARTA (Metropoli-
tan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority) train system. Many of
Atlanta's wraiths are grateful for mass transi; the trains run at
regular times, and the automated doors make getting on and
off the train much easier than trying to board a bus. New wraiths
tend to make the mistake of confusing Little Five Points
ive Points Station, the nexus point of the train lines. With a
little practice, covering a lot of ground by train is quite easy,

‘The walk from the train station to Little Five leads through
arather sedate neighborhood. Older wraiths feel right at home
— most of the two-story houses have a definite 19th-century
feel to chem. Suburbia can be a difficult place to find Pathos,
but creaking floors and old buildings make the task a litle

Several fields of weeds and kudzu can also be found along
the way. Tall trees grow everywhere. In the Underworld, how-
ever, draping strands of Spanish moss do their part in obliter-
ing the bright energy of the trees.

Euclid Avenue is the easiest way for new wr:
proach Little Five. If a wraith can get access to
Skinriding a driver, Inhabiting a car itself or just get
one), the area is also accessible by More
tour of the dead side of Little Five, however,
from the west.

Landmarks

Euclid Avenue runs through the center of L5. Traffic is
usually rather light. Most of the living have no compulsions
against jaywalking frequently here, so the dead shouldn't ei-
ther. Wraiths should use caution, however; drivers don't slow.
down for invisible pedestrians. A few key stores and locations
act as excellent landmarks to the area. The influence of the
dead has slightly changed the ambience of the stores. Aside
from the atmospheric changes, the encouragement and dis-
couragement of various places of business, and incr
ber of goths in Little Five, the liberal attitude of this
reduced the Shroud to 8 by day or 7 by night.

Western Area

Bass High School — This is one of the largest buildings
you'll see while approaching L5. Most mortals tend to ignore
it. The buildings have fallen into an extreme state of disrepair;
indeed, the school has been shut down for some time. Many of

hs to ap-
car (by


nuch progress seems to be taking
has slipped far enough into a state of decay
that it now functions as a Haunt for the local Rest
residents believe that spiritual energy is building
rasium; others find that n udicrous. Most of the wra
 tocither the Hierarchy or the Heretics, altho
they won't mir away the occasional Renegade pack (so long
as they're discreet). Between 15 and 20 wraiths can be found
in the three-story b ren time
To help them out, and to en
rlanta isn't threatened by any
ts, three of the reside
n the classrooms. The

Unfortw
nately, a recent journey to the Far Shores has resulted in him
ing how to write in Engl symbols appear
on the chalkboards in the m
The b a senage runaways
who come to Atlanta. The p 10 inside (oddly
enough). The residents of B: id to turn a blind eye
to any runaway who winds up with a Skinrider.

Theaters — Across the street from the high school, a small

coffeehouse is flanked by two in int theaters, the "Sev

enth Su lid Playhouse." Low-buxlget produc-
tions are always in progres, tof the shows are over by
about nine o'clock.
ace. Some of the
wraiths ther for a competition. Each competitor
z¢ and does his rendition of the most amus
ing or emotional scene he saw the day before. This way, many
of the dead of Little Five keep up with the local scene
Four Humours — Next d health food store. Soy
milk, vegetarian foods, untreated ve
can be found here. The
who frequent it tend t their nutritional neun
One section of t has the best selection of black candles
in the area.
Urban Primitive — African-American culture meets
rave in this cutting-edge clothing

ang out in the back

Coleuit and Euclid

The intersection of Colquitt and Euclid is just to the north
of Urban Primitive. A few norable stores are worth mention:


Gargoyle's — This used to be a somewhat wild clothing
store until i gor a little "encouragement." Now it has one of
the largest collections of goth fashion in the city. The owner,
Gene, is a rather slender, pale fellow. He does actually come
out during the day. In fact, he's rarely seen at night. Gene holds
rituals in the gymnasium of Bass High after the sun goes down.
He doesn't realize that he's being watched while he's perform
ing them...

Crossroads — This popular hangout recently changed its
focus from bookshop to coffeehouse. The only part of tis store
that currently sells books isa small room in the back; most of
the books deal with fantasy, New Age or occult subjects (as
well as a modest selection of Black Dog games). The rest of
the store is now a coffeeshop. During the day, the employees
try to open a few minds as they widen a few eyes with indus-
ial-strength coffee. At sunset, the store i locked up, the cur-
tains are drawn, and the night shift comes in. Only the dead
are allowed inside.

On the left side of the back wall is a large mirror in a
window frame. The window used to provide a clear view intoa
video store behind the bookstore. Now that the owners of both
stores have been bought our, the window has been replaced to
provide a greater degree of privacy for both stores.

‘Among the regulars at the Crossroads, wraiths may en-
counter a Silent Strider werewolf who reportedly beings tales
from the spirit world, and a Malkavian vampire calling him-
self Devon Null who "feeds" on an unusual section of the
Internet.

Ray Gunn Video — Behind the Crossroads isa small video
store. The old owner was bought out, although he did take his
selection of obscure and psychedelic films with him. The new.
owner is even more unusual. Raymond Gunn has a very active
interest in the occult, s0 along with the foreign films,
psychotropia, '50s propaganda, anime and science fiction he
usually rents, Ray deals under the counter in some more €s0-
teric items. He fervently believes that both his store and the
‘Crossroadsare haunted, and he holdsa seance ever Friday night
in his store for a few of his friends. During the seance on Fri-
day, or for Ray at any time, the Shroud in the video store isa 6.

d, | The Zone

Near the comer of Euclid and Moreland is a triangular,
parklike area with plenty of shade trees and park benches.
During the day, a few dozen people can be found hanging out,
trying to out-cool one another. In the Zone, visitors see jug-
alers, activists handing out flyers shirtless bongo-drum play-
crs, vendors of everything from hair wraps to cheap patchouli
and perfumes, and people whom the news media have dubbed
"slackers." The activists deal with a variety of issues, ranging
from environmentalism and gay rights to marijuana legaliza-
tion and Native American issues.

A few wraiths hang out near the bongo players and havea
sore of spectral jam session. One wraith who regularly does
this is Red Feather, a Castigator who uses his drums as a focus
for his art. This partly explains the calming influence of the
Zone. Red Feather isn't a Native American. He's just a 40-
year-old white guy who does a rather weak job of trying to act
like one.

Thrift Stores — Three thrift stores, a T-shirt place and a
store that sells Deadhead paraphernalia, Frisbees and kites are
adjacent to the Zone. The thrift stores close around 6 PM.
The owner of one of them refuses to believe in the concept of
"inventory," so wraiths who get the permission of the local
Restless often Inhabit and create some rather unusual relics

Magenta — A lavender sign with painted crystals adver-
tises this purveyor of New Age and pagan materials. Wind
chimes, crystals and dreamcatchers hang in the window, In-
side, New Age music plays continually, and the store does its
best to keep up with the needs of the local pagan community.
The store gets its name from its magenta decor.

‘The owner of the store is always referred to rather crypti-
cally, mainly because she's rarely ever there. Some current ru-
mors in the mortal world say that she's either going on.
"visionquests" in the distant east, living a life of ribaldry in
California, of raising money to buy out the abandoned club
nearby. All three rumors are correct.

Pawn Shop — Across the street isa rather unusual pawn
shop that keeps its supply of pistols and Uzis a short distance
away from the Serial Killer trading cards and underground com-
ics. Paranoid mortals can buy guns here (if they can wait a
week before picking them up), but walking around Little
heavily armed is a little too extreme even for the locals.

In addition, there are usually one or two police officers
near the Zone. They're rather relaxed about dealing with most
weird people, but would-be hunters waving firearms and threat-
‘ening to kill invisible tourists will wind up in jail very quick

‘The cops are also used by Jameson as part of his Hierarchy
duties (see below).

Gregory L. Davis Plaza

One the other side of the thrift stores is an area with a
semall plaza. There'sa coffee shop, a pizsa place, benches, patio
scete for people eating ict cream and pina Sxeét misicians, 2
notice board advertising local bands and political gatherings,
and an art gallery. The gallery, afer alittle bit of influence, is
currently showing a collection of renderings of "death-imag-
ery." Some of the local goths find it fascinating. Some of the
local ghosts find it hilarious.

(One ofthe wraith who hangs our here quite a bit is Neon
(listed below), a dead art student who usually keeps tabs on.
the local art scene and the local drug culture.

Between the Zone and the plaza is a large building that
has been used as a restaurant by three different owners in the
last two years: The coffechouse currently there is slowly going


out of business. There are rumors that the property is available
ata low price, although there are also rumors that the mysteri

‘ous owner of Magenta is interested in it.

Across the str

rant/coffechouse is an-
other row of buildings, including a feminist bookstore, a shoe
store specialising in Doc Martens, a Native Am
store, and an Ethiopian restaurant

Around the Comer

Past Greg Davis Pl
‘open during the d:

from the rest

ican book-

number of restaurants and stores
A variety of food is available, includ
thiopian, Mexican and Jamaican food.

Madame Junkman — One major spot for tourists is M
dame Junkman, a huge
isa favorite activity her
est fashions w

ternative clothing store. Skinti

as locals and tourists try on the lat

ths try on locals and tourists.

Freedom of Thoug! few doors down, a comic shop
and record store feeds the voracious appetites of die-hard fans.
The store isn't afraid to be alittle more hard-core than most of
s of Atlanta. The store almost moved

away at one point to seek a better location, but the owner h
been discour

the shops in other i

ed from doing so by some of his "nocturnal
customers.

The store's owner is an insomniac, and he often walks the
three blocks from his nearby loft to the store late at night. By
candlelight, he halfheartedly reads through 10 to 20 comic
books a night. Of course, he often has someone reading over 8
his shoulder. The local Restless often get into arguments about
which title they should make him read on any particular night

Factions

As stated earlier, most of the wraiths in Little Five Points
hold allegiance to no one. About 15 to 20 of them
in the high school at any time.

Only a few membe
any given time.

Renegades

There's usually one pack of René
at any given time. They try not to'
because they don't want to be considered "criminals" by the
Hierarchy. They also know that the Restless of Little Five won't
tum them away.

of the various factions are present at

The Hierarchy knows it could sweep in and take out the
Renegades, but there wouldn't be much point. The wraiths of

Bass High would put up resistance just for having thei
pendence challenged.

‘There's only one permanent Renegade in the Haunt. One
of the teachers is secretly recruiting (and corrupting) souls for
his faction

Hierarchy

The only permanent Hierarchy representative is Jameson
(listed below). Rather than strictly enforcing the Hierarchy's
laws, he prefers merely to report extreme acti
sort of ongoing truce between the Hierarch
local dead. Jameson knows fhe brought in the
be war, which could threaten the secrecy of wraiths' influence
in the city. The local dead know that if they took out Jameson,
the Hierarchy would send someone worse in his place.
Jameson does have back-up available ifhe ever rally needs
it. He can summon four Enforcers in about 10 minutes. The
Enforcers are misty, vaguely humanoid figures cloaked in dark-
cach wears a relic blindfold to assist in carrying out

Enforcer

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma
1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 5, Intelligence
2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Bra
timidation 2, Subterfuge 2,
Stealth 3, Investigation 3, Law 2

Areanos: Argos 1, Castigate 2, Moliate 3

Passions: Serve the Hierarchy (Pride) 5, Punish crimi-
nals (Anger) 4 (plus one point of personal Passion).

13, Dodge 3, In-

irearms 1, Melee 2,

lindfold of Justice (2)

Use of this artifact is a sign of Hierarchy shock troops.
The device doesn't block out «

"extraneous" to the performance of an Enforcer's duties. Of
course, the Hierarchy Artficer investing power in the relic
defines what is "extraneous." The Perception of an
wearing one of these is increased to 5. Three dice are added to
Investigation, but only if the Enforcer's a part of

investigation.

Ifthe leader of a squad of Enforcers needs his grunts to be
oblivious to misconduct or wishes to engage in illegal
tes as he performs his job, a series of m
vent the Enforcers from witness

Heres

Only two cultists are present in Little Five. One of them
isa sleeper agent for the Heretics who has been slowly infil-
trating local wraith society. The other has found a host to as-
sist him in his duties.

Recently, a mortal preacher has been seen wand
through Little Five for an hour each day. This is rather ut
usual for the neighborhood, but because he doesn't yell at or
harass anyone, he's pretty
The Preacher Man quietly
guidance, and he quietly
leave a few pamphlets lyr

Personalities

When you're characters first come to Little Five, they'll
no doubt want to meet a few of the locals,
listed below.

The Living

Suki

Demeanor: Survivor

Nature: Child

Att rength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamit Charisma
3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 2, Intelligence
3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 2, Stealth 3

h tolerated in the mortal world.
alks up to anyone he thi
nds out religious tracts. He'l

out at "sinful" places.

veral of whom are


Suki is 17. Her clothes are always. little rom, and
her ight desperation is always noticeable. She's hal-Japanese,
half-American, and completely cast out from the world.
Roleplaying Hints: You've got to survive on intuition.
You're not sure what you're doing, but you've been getting by
Jong enough on your own hae it doesn't really matter if what

n abusive family. She was the
in the '70s, and although her
mother, he took out his anger on
of 16 and never looked back.

s hard, but Suki's managed to
fer used drugs, she's never
committed a felony, and she's never sold herself, although she
almost did once.

c's never really been close to anyone, but she does be-
sort of "guardian angel" who looks after
her. Now she's passing though Atlanta, and she'll do anything
to ind a steady group of friends. She's hoping that she can find
at le s. That's the one hope that

‘one person who really
keeps her going,

Quotet "Hey, you got any change? Hey, you got any change?
You got a cigarette, man?"

Raymond Gunn

Wannabe Psychic

Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Conformist

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma
3,M ce 2, Perception 2, Intelligence
4, Wits 2

ay is about 5'2" and over 250 pounds. His cloth-
ing is usually a shameful mockery of whatever is currently in
fashion. Then although he often tries to follow other's

ideas, by gett

n wrong, he usually expresses his true sl.

fou must follow the current fashions.
Even if you don't understand, follow. You desperately want to
fic in with che "cool" people. Humility shouldn'e get in the
of
others, you often wind up giving those ideas a piece of your

way. At thar same time, when you misinterpret th

tinctive" individu

a harmless one,

Raymond Gunn is a flak

He's tried to be on the crest of every fashionable wave since
about 1972. He's camped out in co
concerts, saivated over movie stars
ams of others. He doesn't care

munes, passed out at rock

id thrown away his for

tune on the di

His latest interest is the occult. After seeing a trendy movie
about the living dead (about 13 times in the first week),
has be: ated with the idea of g
convinced himself that the store next to his is haunte

Well, actually, ic is. Raymond's considering workin
advisor" and believes that he is uncovering his ability to
nel souls,

Quote: "One must follow what interests one, yes? Life is an
exploration of the mind, an exploration of reality. Care for some
brie?"


3, Manipulation 3, Ape
2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dod Intimidation 2,
Etiquette 3, Firearms (Shotgun) 4, Security 2, Investigation 2,
Occult (Fringe Religion) 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1

Willpower: 2

Image: Nice cheap suit for going to church.
with holes to show how

Perception 2, Intelligence

cap shoes
he's walked. Don't have time to wash
1¢ to wash his blond, stringy hair. Don't
ish his sunbumed skin. Too busy loving Jesus.

Obey. Obey. Serve God. Serve God.

hisclothes. [

have time to
Roleplay
Jesus loves yo

phe washitby a car, he had visions of God calling to him through
1 of light. He gave up his life on the farm, put down his
nd his whiskey, and started travelin' from city to city,
bout the word of the Lord.

Man is a "meat puppet" of a desperate Heretic
ccultist who uses Puppetry to manipulate him. The cultist works
alone and is terrified of being discovered, but as long as he can
hide in Preacher Man, Preacher Man's gonna stay safe.

2 u, son. Have a finy book! Thats right,
itsa finny book, ‘cause once you've ot Gad, you can't help but laugh
laugh the laugh of Moses, and dance the dance of the Israelites.

aunt

Renegade Survivor
‘Cause of Death:
Year of Death: 1991
Demean
Natu

icide

4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 2, Intelligence
3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1
Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 2, Stealth 3, Enig

h rarely allows herself to be seen. long
blond hair and bluc ud still wears her bloodstained so.
rority sweatshirt. She'll always look like the sweetheart of Sigma
Chi

Roleplaying Hin ght into the "system" your
whole life, and it got you nowhere. You were at the top of your
class in high school, you were the darling of your sorority, and

their "system" was right. No more. You get by on your
own...with the help of someone who works for you now.


History: Sarah was always Mom and Dad's little angel.
As long as her grades were fine and she didn't get into trouble,
everyone loved Sarah. She did her best to live up to everyone's
expectations, but when she blew her chance at an Ivy League
school, lost the opportunity to get into the "cool" sorority, and
was humiliated by her thoughtless boyfriend, Sarah wanted
‘out — the fast way. Her half-hearted suicide attempt got a
litle out of control, and now Sarah has a few incompletes on
her transcripe.

Now Sarah's got someone she can use. Her victim's name
uki, and they've been surviving together for the past year.
Suki's gullible enough to do just about anything that Sarah
just wants to make sure her meal ticket doesn't
though. Sarah sees nothing wrong with the relation-
hhout Sarah, and Sarah gets all che "sup-

Passions: Find another boyfriend (Lust) 2, Stay on the
streets (Desperation) 3, Make sure Suki's always alone (Envy)
1's suicide (Regret) 1
‘Delta Delta Delia my ass, honey."
2 44
Shadow: Pusher
Thorns: Trick of the Light
Agenda: Sarah has no remorse over using Suki, so her
Shadow feels perfectly justified in leadin
tion, Pethaps she can take Suki's soul down with her. §
canned it,

h to her destruc
he's

hasn't she?
Jameson
Hierarchy Officer
D
Nature: Judge

Cause of Death: Killed by anarchists in Northern Ireland
Year of Death: 1892

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stami

3, Manipulation 4, Appe:
4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Leadership
2, Melee 2, Stealth 3, Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 4, Law 3,
Occult 2, Polities 2

Areanos: Argos 1, Cast
Moliate 3

Pathos: 8

Willpow:

Backgrounds: Allies (Enforcers) 4, Contacts I (Police),
Status (Hierarchy) 2

Image: Jameson is the model of a Victorian gentleman.
His clothes are in the style of the 1890s, complete with a top
hat and darkened spectacles. He's tall and lanky and has. pe-
culiar mannerism of twisting the whiskers of his mutton-chop

ort Traditionalist

3, Charisma

ce 3, Perception 3, Intelligence

2, Keening 2, Lifeweb 2,

sideburns when he's worried.

Roleplaying Hints: Propriety is your foremost concern
Others may be less respectful ofthe etiquette of social discours

but you muse remain aloof from their ignorance. Despite the
rigid demands of the Hierarchy, one must not lose sight of such
things as honor and nobility

History: Jameson has worked for the Hierarchy for overa
century. When he first began his career, he was fanatic about
enforcing all laws precisely to the letter. When he saw the
effect this had on those who didn't fully fit in with the law, he

began to understand the spirit of laws inste

Jameson is very proper, but he ts his faults. His effi
ciency has not eared him promotions; in fact, his insistence

on "gentlemanly" behavior has prevented him from rising in
the Hierarchy. As long as the situation in his district doesn't
get out of control, he'll treat the citizens of Little Five as people,
if that's what it takes to keep the pez

Occasionally, though, he must put on a display of power
to appease his superiors. He genuinely doesn't want to see
Charon's Code broken, but he often finds himself running in-
terference between his superiors and the citizens of Little Five.
Only his skillful handling of situations allows him to play off
one side against the other, although both the Hierarchy and
the Little Five wraiths wonder ifhe'll
side or the other.

Passions: Uphold the Law (Pride) 4, Serve Stygia (Honor)
3, Investigate the Unknown (Curiosity) 3

Quote: "Renegades, I presume? (sigh) Far be it from me to
ruin your evening, but those dratted Hierarchs had the temerity to
enact an edict forbidding the spontaneous combustion of mortals
undergarments, and as Charon's duly appointed representative.

Angst: 5/4

fully commit to one

Shadow: Perfectionist
Thorns: Shadow Call, Spectre Prestige
‘Agenda: Spectres would like to "recruit" Jameson away
from the Hierarchy. He's got connections, skill and style. He'd
doa damn fine job in the service of Oblivion. The Hierarchy
makes so many mistakes, after all. Perhaps Jameson's Perfec
tionist Shadow is a bit resentful of thar.

Magenta

Flighty Mystic! Movie Junkie

Cause of Death: Drug overdose ata party in Los Angeles

Year of Death: 1975

Demeanor: Visionary

Nature: Bon Vivant

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma
3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 2, Intelligence
2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Expression 3, Subterfuge 3, Eti-
quette 2, Leadership 2, Performance 2, Occult 3

Arcanos: Argos 2, Embody 4, Fatalism 3,
Moliate 2, Phantasm 1
Backgrounds: Haunt 3

athos: 9

‘eening 2,

Imag. genta is usually dressed in the height of goth
fashion, although she likes to change her appearance and cloth-
ing. Her early years living in a movie theater have affected her
taste in fashion, although she does have a favorite form: Ma-
genta has seen The Rocky Horror Picture Show over 300 times.

Roleplaying Hints: Magenta i the ultimate escapist. Take

ny movie (preferably a horror one). Add a little goth to it.

DeMille, 'm ready for my close-up..." She isa fiend for atten-
tion, but once she gets it, she shies away and acts really myste-

History: Magenta can't remember her r
She can't remember the selflestructive life she followed out
in California, either, although she does vaguely remember
wanting to be a movie star. She also remembers the Holly-
wood party where she ended he

When she first bes she spent a lot of time
in movie theaters, watching the same films over
really as good as the movies, and death never was

I name anymore

life.

after

id over. Life

was nev
either.

To get away from the "real world," M:

many epic journeys into the Tempest. She knows a lot about
the worlds beyond the
serve her "spooky mystic
there.

She can't remember who she really was, so any ideas she
can rip off from the cinema will have to provide her personal-
ity for a while

Passions: Escape from Reality (Fear) 3, Explore the Un-
known (Curiosity) 2, Perform (Vanity) 4, Find Lost Brother
(Love) 1

Quote: "It's so dreamy.
see me. No, not at all."

npest, but because she wants to pre-
facade, she'll only hint at what's our

So, fantasy, free me! So you can't

Angst: 3/3
Shadow: Director
Thorns: Shadow Life

‘Agenda: Magenta's"visionquests" area little more exten-
sive than she realizes. Waking from slumber in the middle of
an unfamiliar realm isa bie disorienting, but it does make learn-
ing about those realms a bit easier. Magenta has many meth-
cds for finding hidden knowledge, including some her Psyche
doesn't know she has.

Daniel DuBois

Renegade Recriter

Cause of Death: Killed in protest riots in France
968
Demeanor: Conformist
Nature: Rebel
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity
3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Percepti
4, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 3,
Firearms 1, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics
2, Polities 2

jina 3, Charisma
3, Intelligence

Arcanos: Puppetry 3, Usury 3
Backgrounds: Status (Renegades) 3
Pathos: 7
Willpower: 5


Image: Buzz cut, blue eyes, slouched shoulders,
sweater, ironed slacks and dress shoes. Small round glass

Roleplaying Tips: Teaching at the school is just a job.
You've got to teach to get by, but you make up for it by giving
tant causes. In life, your cause was op:
death, you seek to end the Hierarchy's
oppression. You've got to be really subtle, but you are in a po-
sition to find the most promising wraiths for your cell.

History: When Daniel began as a teacher, he passion-
ately believed in instilling his ideas in the youth of his coun-
tty. After the third time he was fired, he learned to be a bit
hing became a front. He was extremely
good at it, but his most impassioned activities were as a pro-
(ester. Someone had to instruct the members of his organi:
tion in philosophy, kitchen chemistry and freestyle anarchy.
Daniel was marked for recruitment from the first day of his
death,

time to the re
posing the sta

Passions: Tear down the state (Vengeance) 3, Teach the
archy (Hatred) 3

at's an intriguing idea. Not everyone questions
heard a

tools of a

Quotes
the authority of the Hierarchy like that. You know,

rather interesting rumor about a group hiding out nearby.
Angst:

‘Thorns: Tainted Touch
Agenda: The entire system of oppression established by
the Hierarchy is wrong. The Hierarchy is forcing others to suf-
fer in this afterlife. Clearly the Masses must be liberated. Those
who cannot fit into our utopia must be destroyed.

Surrealist Artist
Cause of Death: Leapt from the top of Georg!
University while under the influence of LSD

Year of Death: 1985

Demeanor: Jester

Nature: Deviant

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma
3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence
3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Expression 4,
Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 2, Crafts 4, Melee 2, Performance
3, Stealth 2, Oceule 2

Arcanost Pandemonium 4, Moliate 4, Keening 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Artifacts 1, Haunt 1 (art gallery),
Status (Heretics) 1

Pathos: 7

Willpower: 6

Image: Reality is an option. Neon loves using Pandemo-
nium and Moliate to alter himself and his environment. He
usually appears to be a 19-year-old kid with glowing
swim trunks and sandals. He also seems to have access to an
ced supply of Salvador Dali T-shirts

Roleplaying You are inspired. Anything you say is
brilliant, especially ifit contradicts what other people normally
believe. Create! Destroy! Live!

History: Neon was just t00 cool tolive...or hold a job...
have a steady girlfriend...or conform in any w dis
his canvas, and he wants to take up sculpting.


‘There was only one option for a kid like Neon. With his
R abysmal grades and the assistance of his doting parents, Neon
wound up in art school. There he discovered the work of his
"personal lord and savior," Salvador Dali. Neon has been a
die-hard surrealist ever since, in every sense of the word.

Passions: Create Art (Joy) 5, Defy Reality (Impish Glee)
3, Serve Heretics (Devotion) 2

Quote: "The true artist must be open to anything! Expand
your mind, man; stretch ic like a big red balloon! You think that's
Look at all the unhappy people, look ar all the conformity,
and Ill tell you whats rally crazy. Whee! Ants!"

Angst: 4/4

‘Shadow: Freak

Thorns: Shadow Familiar (a small, ratlike creature who
loves to come out to "play"), Shadow Arcanos (Moliate: the
creature can distor itself into many different surreal monstrosi
ties.)

Agenda: Neon doesn't belong; reality itself does not a
cept his surreal visions. Why hold back? Why shouldn't
reshape the world into something that will accept him? He's
been shut out long enough.

Lucille
‘The Fallen "Angel
Demeanor: Caregiver

Nature: Martyr

Cause of Death: Shot outside her home in Stone Moun-
tain, GA

Year of Death: 1962

Atteibut th3, Dexterity
3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence
3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Streetwise 2, Meditation 2, Stealth 1, Investigation 4

Arcanos: Argos 2, Castigate 4, Keening 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Pathos: 9

Willpow.

Image: Lucille usually wears a black robe and sandals. Her
head has been shaved. She also openly wears a pair of wings
made out of crow feathers (see "Wings of Ecstasy" under Relics,
D pg. 248).

Roleplaying Hints: Your life was violently taken away fr
you. Your true love no longer wants you. The world no longer
cares for you. The only solace you'll ever find is in the perfor-
mance of your mission.

History: Lucille fell in love completely and totally when
she was 22. She dropped out of college, ran to her lover' side,
and gave him her body and soul. There were only three com-
plications: Lucille was black, her lover was white, and the year
‘was 1962. Lucille was shot outside her home in Georgia.

watch over" her love, but when,
ic young man to a broken,
corporation, Lucille couldn't stand
¢ began to fee! like there was no place

At first she was cont

he slowly turned from
subservient thrall of a
to see him fa
for love in t

Then she began her mission, Lucille feels like she'll be
alone for eternity, but she still watches over people. The one
thing that keeps her going is helping others find what she lost.

ich over her
lost love (Pa

Quote: "I'm no angel. If you get on my bad side, you'll find

that out real fas."
Angst: 5/3
Shadow: Parent

k

wt young lovers mocks Lucille
inds her of her own pain — the pain
her Psyche and her need for blissful passion gave her.


the falls in love with a student at a nearby high
ah, however, doesn't want (o relinquish her control

wcters have a cha

ifs Showtime!

ocally written play is being pro-
wever, is undergoing a few "rewrites"

ing. Jameson, the local Hierarchy rep-
ready to call in his Enforcers, but he

Preacher Man

The Heretic's plan is going a little too well. F

's Rot ac-
Little Five, and it looks like he's recruiting a
al. The Hierarchy would pay well fora Circle
of adventurous wraiths who could deal with the situation.

The Witching Hour

Ge ass High gymnasium are get-
tinga little out of hand. A few extreme supernatural manifes-
ta n place in the building. Many of
are clueless about how to resolve the situation, wi
acters could gain quite a bit of clout by resolving

cess toa loft
little cult of mo

's ceremonies in the

that the el
it

imaginary friends
old boy and his family have moved into the
hborhood. The kid really likes the

ally surprised to see the characters!
of the other wraiths, but he does seem

nearby ne

neighborhood.

to eliminate the competition personally, soa little haunting is &
in order... Care to ean a few favors?

Room 666

One of the classrooms at Bass High has a new group of
inhabitants. A local gang has taken over and is using the buid-
ing as a base of operations. This isa chance to doa little

lante work for the neighborhood.
Inspection Tour

Jameson has gotten a tip: a Stygian representative is go-
ing to be examining the neighborhood to make sure the trad
tions of the Empire are being upheld. Ir' time to cover some
supernatural activity, and fas.

[Enfant Terile

A very inexperienced wraith has breezed into Little Five,
and he has no respect for the rules. The characters have to
teach him to toe the line... the easy way, or the hard way,

Channeler Surfing

Raymond C
neling the dead. He's found a way to summon them through
the television set in his video store. Perhaps a powerful entity
is using him, or perhaps a Byway has been established to his
video store. He's not quite sure what's going on, or even what
he's doing, and he's su w: he can't put §

down.

Fire Walk With Me

and he's discovered that many of the people in the neigh

moned up some

borhood is going to burn down. Is he a chance for the
ters to solve the problem, or could he be the cause of it?

The Haunting of Bass High

Someone has bought out the hij
is making a big show out of rehabili
characters have one goal on this o
a living hell.


[his thing isa man. Look at what you are, and what
awaits you. Gaze on this image and leam what your
own end willbe.

~ grave epitaph in Greece

ound the di

ity jue nor

sometimes y
Bat you don'
closer £ shen y

her muffled sored and beating at the door


elegy ofthe hierarchy

Raven's oy

Tempest's roar
Hering: What word do young?

Crag hg
gig sing
Chante: Wat d yo sing?

ia cols
dak bps
Peer: hd ou cease?

Sud shiing
Joc deaig
seas thates bya

NIST S a %

Gis afd crystals
(ys and stars
race What do yo see?

Ss = tae es

Sieg SB

Pied sips

fot bo yoy serie?
Sales fe,
Wadd

Puppeteer: Who do you own?

lis fshng
fl creaking
Poltergeist: Who do you fear?

Steadfast, watching
Pete, wating
Monte: Who do you wath?

Crash and born
Saash and crack
Spook: Whatgo"fou break?"

Kader aod toys
Raggio ong
Arifcer: Wat do yo abe?

igh aid od
Pats whole
Ue Wit do ou chy?

Cif antic
ip and tok
ese do you bet

"Leam the true topography; the monstrous and wonderful ar-
chetypes are not inside you, not inside your consciousness; you are
inside them, trapped and howling to get out."

—R.A. Lafferty, The Devil is Dead

‘Wraith is cursed. There's no other way to say it. Mind
I don't believe in curses, but you can't argue
facts— something' going on. Getting this far has
miracle. Even as I write these last words, I keep lookis
hind my back, half expecting something to spring
Its been such a long hard struggle, i's hard to believe it'
nearly over. Everything that could go wrong did go wrong.
Ive never seen anything like it. Contracts got screwed up,

schedules got mangled, writers and arrsts disagreed and every

one involved argued and fought endlessly. There was no end
of emergencies. Nothing ever seemed to work out. Every
thing good about this project came about only with agonizing
effort. All in all, ie sucked.

The curse began years ago, back in the early days of White
Wolf before the idea of Vampire was even a glimmer in my
mind. At the time I was working on a brand new concept, a
game I called Inferno, something I was very excited by.

‘The idea was that you played someone trapped in Hell,
and your the goal, basically, was to either become a powerful
demon oF to escape. (You can probably see the similarities to
Wraith already.) Needless to say, it was a grim and loathsome
setting, and I did everything I could to make it as dark as pos-
sible. I suppose that's really when my predilection for dark

H horror began.
Naturally, no one was very excited about playing a char-
er who would be tortured and branded and tricked on a
regular basis — but as a favor to me, four of my friends came
over for a playtest.

‘We got together at the company offices (just a house) in
the early evening and quickly created characters. I had pre
pared what I considered to be a rather "fitting" welcome to
Hell, and was all set to make them pee their pants. I started
out by killing off their characters one by one in the most grue
some and macabre ways I could invent. Once they'd bie the

into a pool of molten lava. Each time they tried
to crawl out, I had foul minion demons armed
with pitchforks push them back. I described
their prolonged y in excruciating detail,
and reveled in my expository skills. They
only climbed out after I was good and ready.

(Let me tell you, | was on a storytelling
high. I had the players completely under
my thumb. If only they were as thrilled as
Tas.)

It didn't stop there. After they
mounted a nearby precipice, a black bat
winged demon suddenly appeared before
them, [stood over my haples victims
{all sitting on the couch) and began .
to chuckle my trademarked manic Age

with impassioned venom about thei
impending doom— when suddenly JN
there was a huge crash and all the
lights went out in the house.
For a few seconds, no one spoke.
No one moved. To tell the truth, I think
wwe were scared shitless — no one knew what
to think, least of all me. Finally, I figured I'd go outside and
see what the hell had happened.

Sitting at the bottom of our next-door neighbors drive-
way was a pizza delivery car that had crashed into a electrical
transformer box. The ikes on while dash-
ing inside to deliver his pissa (30 minutes ot fe!) and never

To make matters worse, by the time I gor there, the ass-
munch was inside his car trying to tur on the ignition. Un-


derneath the real axle I could see the flicker of flames... For a
second I thought I was hallucinating. It was like my imagina-
tion come to life.

After I chilled out from my panic, Iran halfway down the
hilland yelled at him to get the hell out of the car. The moron
didn't listen, so L tried Finally, 1 went down to the car

‘A few minutes late, the car exploded into flames. A half
minute after that, the gas tank blew up with a dull thump. 1
tried calling 911, bue halfway through my call, an electrical
spike took out every phone in the house (and the fax machine
aswell, damn ital).

Well, the whole neighborhood was without power now,
0 everyone came over to watch the bonfire and roast marsh-
rmallows. The big news was that the pizza driver didn't have
Insurance, which didn't please me any. The firetrucks eventu-
ally arived. Lewas hours before it was all done and the excite-
ment had died down.

Needless to say, the game ws

over for the night (well, for
lly). The lights weren't working, the phones
working, and no one much wanted to face Mr. Demon
again, so everyone went home. I was left in an empty house,
without power, with a car hulk in my front yard. had some
strange dreams that night.

The next day I resolved that Mama Fate had given me a
warning, and I packed away all my notes and called it quits
with Demons and Doom. Enough strange things had happened
that I figured ie just wasn't wise to go on. After they towed
away the ca, all chae was left was a swatch of burned
a sharp, twisted lump of metal with bits of glass imbedded in
it. [kept it as a momento and used it on my desk as a paper-
weight. A few months later, I came up with the idea for Vam-
pire and the World of Darkness. Over time, I forgot all about
Inferno. Ifonly it had forgotten

When it came time to work on Wraith (or Ghost, as it
was then known), Mr. Demon arose from the dead. Josh
Timbrook had the temerity to suggest that I use some of,
the stuff from my old game. I had the lack of sense to
ageee, having forgotten about the curse. Thus was the

curse reborn..

act

From that moment on, nothing went
right. I've never had so much trouble,
pandemonium and bad blood getting a
project to the finish line. Now, here lam,

the last night before we have to ship ev

thing off to the printers, and I'm trying to come up with clever
words. [e's fourin the morning, and this is my third try on this
essay. (You should see the gibbering I've been writing so far.)

Even if these words suck, I'm not starting over again. Take it

or leave it, I'm just glad it's over.

‘Throughout the design of Wraith, 1

ad this strange feel-
The weind thine

got so weird that I began to make preparations just in case.
Stewart even made jokes about how he'd put my ashes in the
ink when the book was printed. Was someone planning to kill
me? Damn, who needs enemies?

Strangely enough, this makes me all the more proud of
what we've accomplished. I think this game is something spe-
cial, and some of the blood spilled in its creation has strength-
ened it and made it more powerful. 1 find our creation to be
beautiful, in spite of the pain (and perhaps because of it), and
L hope you do as well. I hope you get something out of it,
something real and true.

Remember, Idon't believe in curses, but if bad things start
happening in your life... you have been warned.

nie

PS. Ie just won't stop! Suzanne, my girlfriend, just woke
up in a cold sweat, muttering about her car. Now I'm afraid to
go to sleep...

PPS. As slowly emerge from adolescence, I am becom-
ing increasingly aware of how much I depend on others, not
‘only for my bread and shelter, but for the mana of life, the
ideas and thoughts that make existence worthwhile. The
people here at White Wolf provide just such a refuge. A spe-
cial thanks to all who are members of this fine and strange
fellowship. My affection for you knows no bounds.

Filmography: Flatliners, The Haunting, The Shining, The
Haunting of Hill House, The Omen, The Nesting, The Entity,
Dark Forces, The Lady in White, Ghost Story, The Green Man;
Exorcist, Poltergeist, The Shining, I Married A Witch, Topper,
Heaven Can Wait, Tetsuo, Hellraiser, Candyman , Our Town,
Human Comedy, It's a Wonderful Life, Wings of Desire, Jacob's
Ladder, Ghost, All of Me, The Fog, Alien, Ghostbusters, Love
and Death, Comics: Sandman, Spectre, Spawn, Mage, Swamp
Thing, Hellblazer, Deadman, Authors: Dante , William Blake,
Algernon Blackwood, Lewis Theobald Ill, Joyce Carol Oates,
E.A Poe, Mary Shelly.


‘When mug entries are ised, eed BY Atibates 20403
eins ain ites ‘aly Witdean 0 ‘ete of Deaths Visage 58 Attonemet 6, 67
and primary entries ae in beldace ‘sia is Hequen 55, Automatic Socess 93
Empower Aide the cron ighray 1 Avant Garde archetype 104, 1 |
Ml 99 ‘shed HI Sep 58 Awareness aii) |
ilies 2-00 ‘nchange Bate 1 Sense Chaos 6 Rackgroand 17, BLS
Action 90, 9 fate Vision 18 Sense Grea BL Barhests 65,23
Aetion Scenes 209-200 flicker ut Sense Saad Bo bedside Candle 26
‘Manages 9, BES foal Hamowe 13 Seve Stand 57 Denandant 238
Advocate 33 hasty Yooh Hs Shapesese 18 Block 22
Agency 33 low BB Shinde 67 ody Shan 2
Aegevated Damage 18 Geealiie 52 Soto Voce Bt ody Saatcher 33
Aiming 20 nite 58 Soa Pet 57 ‘on Vivant (archetype) 104,
Aes (ability) 3 imerpreation 49 Sought ook of Lies 25
Ales (background) iestnent 11 Splice Strand 15 Doria Dollhouse 248
Al Hallow' Ee 29 jum M1 ‘State I dich 9
Anacrean 66 Kismet 19 ‘Sonchand Puch 16 Frain Sucker
‘Angst 31,19, 183184 aches' Measare 60 ‘Sedden Movement 18 rave (archetype) 104, tb
WA Appearance 122 leap of Rage tt Surge 6 Aral (ability) 4
Arcanos 98, BAM ein Death 8 Tempespeek HO eawing 28
A) rac overs locate Fete 6 Terpes Fat ot rain Complications 222
‘gon 166 acidity 15 Jock WO Byways 1
Assessment (10 lock 60 raster 00 see also Argos
fall A Maintain Material Form 1b Web Presence 16 oo job at
Aeladlenent 16} Mataley 59 ‘Weardoess i) Caregiver larchetype) 104-16
Aodshape KO aster' oc Whigs Casta 1046
Aalvack 3 Materalie ‘Wraithasp 61 Cathars 13
Casting Out I Mase 54 Arcana 3, 2-28 (aad
Chile ost (iterate the Seo 69 Aectpes 1, td Centar 5
him 52 blviate 2 set alo Shadow Archetypes Chains bt
Coa Orienteering HO Aecitect archetype 14, hangings 2024
Crescendo 85, bliete ‘og laranes) HOG hanging Actions 29
Danger Sense 1 eset Pitch 64 bien 3 (haracter Creative OF It
ark her 163 Phantasmagoria I ‘Armee 4 ramp 10941
Dak Secrets I Phono 7 see ako Malate (arace Creation Chart 17
Death's Touch it Phanton Wings MI ‘ila (backeroend) Bt haracter Concept 12103.
Defiance WS fig ‘iat, 16-08 (harcter Sheet 9697

Deke sein?

sells
Child larch 0, Us
‘roi 7,798, 91
ices 2
ining 2
‘oak of it 268
oe of Charen #8
(ona 0-26
Combat Somary Cart 25,
Coae ait) 9
Coal 8486
olan archetype) 14 17
oan (archetype) 104,
Consort 3)
(tts
ous 9, 5
mi Sok With BI
(onolg 37
Cover 20
Colts abi) 5
rei 95
Ceeplon
iti acetype 10417
Grades 9
Ghia
ormodgeon (archetype) 14, 8
Dok Ages
Dak Kings hoy

and ade
Dac Kingdon of Obsidian 31
wk Psion 19, 3
ake 99
Day ofthe Dead 29
Drathsiht 30,56
Deathlod 3, 64
eam 5
Dean, 95
ev acetye, 8
eatery (tbte) 20
Bice

sel ee
Dice pool 9
"lige pc 8

Dileies 95
ie chee,
Dis 22

Dodge

Ded 8

Desai , 1,
Donen 58

Dovnsday 3,33
apple 23
Dothead 29

Donate $8

Dram Stes 220
Drea inepreain 27
Dream egece 86
vive (aby)

one 3 58

aos 38

Bclipses 50

(loa 29

body arcane) Hd
Empathy bin) 4
alt 2 8

Enforce hierarchy 254
rigs ity 19
yates
arnalJinpice 208
igo ability) 5
Fathaates 20

tral of lay 129
experience Chart 95
LapenincePits 185
apres ii 05
ateded Actions 9499
Factions 62

falling 99
Fania,
rr)

faspdk as,

fataisa 49460

Fes of Srengh 2
ferypan 5, 8
fete 32, S, Ba

Aesing Fetters 197

filblegens2
fire Damage 199

Firearms Ghat 21

Fike em

Firefight Complications 20-22
Tem

Fikes

Flt 6

Alki ate 26

fs fra 3

figs

fog Ghar 05

Forhaddance 24

Freebie Pats 8, 09

Freelom Combat 24-25,

folate 28

(Ging ag 14

Galt rch) 14

(ang 2

aes
see Werenales

Con 58

Gods

Goes 0

Cael 4

(oth ek 1535

Gale 13

et Mabie

B8134

Grin Hess 51

Gold 2,6, 09
Aetices
harheger HO
Nasqaets 8
its Bb
Ores 19
Pardoners M3
Frets Ho
Ppt
Sondaen 5
Sparks it
Uses

arrowig 32

farest 2

Aaars 2 0, BB

beat Levels (not) 201
ghee Senses 3,14
bel
Helboned 33
Hen frien 45,149
see as Las Words
set ao Digi Web
Hees B20, 6
Hierarchy 6, 32 82, 8
lr 16
bt 3
Lenin 20
inhabit arcanos) BLS
inate 20
lj 02
ls 20202
lence 5
Ansohttality 30
Antligeacelatribte) 12
feterogain ty 25
inna 15
dase 3
lnvestiin ab 9
Uy Queen
Joe Emperor
Jameson 351
[este archetype) 4,
‘ode archetype) 14,
Jomping 2
Josie 6
Keen arcano) 55
Keka
Ksoedges 16, 29-1
PL)
leaden abi) un
egies 32
Legionnaires 65,
emate 3, 58
ieneb (cane 66-57
esi 30
Lingistics (ability) BO
Lit Five Pots 20-261
liveAction 28

Losing gst 8

Hoek 1,
aay 200

Dy get 8
gs 2028
kena 22 68,28
Mask 2
A Masque of Tragedy 08
aac 61
Manipulation (tribe) 2)
Marl 65
Marg archetype) 04,8
Meal 3
Neat Cais 33
Medicine (bility) DO
Medion bili
Melee ability) 28
eke 28
see Combat
Helee Complications 222
Melee Weapons Table 222
Memoriam (backaroend) 3
Nena Atte 2-23
enor (background) 82
Hiro of lca 20
ity 33
Wolemen 33
FY Hoi lara) B65
Nodal 20.201
Novena
Nip Action 209
" (spiting' ice Pol)
Moligle Shots 2
Nacsa Mask 26
Nace 4, 15

Nearpois ,2,@,52

ean 9

Nitaschean Tightrope 246
Wil, 40,

Notoriety (hakyrosed 33
bol 3, 61

bliin 32,37, 201

Occult ability) 80

ay Jor 3

Craton 25
pic Gide 28
(hag arcane) 2
Over 6
Pasdenoeion larcanne) 163-64
fay 22
Passions 167

Losing Pasions
Pas 3 98,
Patrols 65
Perception atribet) ws
Performance aii) 28
Perna 26
Pavasa arcane 6
Plasn 8, 28,33
Player 27
Pits 99
fobs abi) 00
Preacher Maa 36
Prebde I
Projectors 33
Pooch 24
Poppet lanes 1668
Pit 22
Poche 5
ick
age 209
fay Coen
atings 92
eager 8, 3,58
Abel archetype, 19
elk 8
Reget
Akin, 339340
Nenegades i, 22,
epi by
esearch lability) 207
Asie Ain 94,98,
estes 3, 54
Aokljig
Aelig Dice 2

rales 958
Aomace
Aral of One 93
Serh 56

Scene 9, 20208
Scieace ty) 90
Serge 3
Seal of Giienship 265
Sed 20
"sets 5
Seco jones 37
Sedation 26
Senate 6
Sods 8, 3420
Shadow 3

see aso Chapter Seren
‘lado Abts 9
Slade Crane 2
‘Shadow Trade 38,59,
‘Shadonguide 15176, WI
SSadnig 20
‘Shadolaeds 1,39
‘Shed 39,98, 24
Sika lest 0
Single Action 98,
Sheet' key 6,
sts, 6.09
Sindands 3
staaer 3,18

se ako Meditation
Souakig 24
Soil Abts 2
‘ons of Telarian 36
Sealed Weapons 219
Seale 6
Seal 3,37
‘Specialties 20
Spee 8, 23
‘Spey lina ieligh) 2
Samia (atts) 20
‘Sates (background) 1
sea i
Sorerig 3
Story 88, 91
Stonteler 2, 99
Stontellng 3, 2, 1273
‘Sereetwise ability) 5
Stoaing 20
Stet eng

Sueagh aie) 20

Sia 2

Shin Met 6

Sobecage aii) U6

Shi 4

Seadeiag)

Saas Sea 50

Survivor archetype) 104,19

Syatlia 67

Sten 8
see ao hye Nine

Wesaad dts
Armor Chat 24
Awarding Experience Pats 194
Brawling Chart 24
hare Creation Chart 107
Conba Sonnuy Chart 25
agg ad ein 29
fae ana Doae 9
Fieans hrt 2
ficelght Complication 22
feats of tengh Table 20
fost am
freebie Points 108, 19,
aestrom Danage 200
‘Meee Weapons Table 222
etl eg
orl Hel Levels 200
‘Shroud Jab 204
Warding Chart 25

a3

Toles, 206

Teanvork 91

Tempest BH, 3,38, 0

Terminals 33

Terror

Thon a2
‘ara of Coraption 180
ad Lack
ack lies 19
Deas Sig 80
Deri' are 18
Doppelganger at
fran lip


infamy 180

Peet of Doom 190
Shadow call 160
‘Shades foie
Shodow life wt
Shadow Tits 80
Spectre Pesige 9
Tainted Relic 10
Jeinted ouch 18
Tick ofthe Ligh at

Tree Round Burst 22
Thal 3,53
Tithe 3
Jodo
Trine archetype 14, 20
Tey

Tot ®

Transcendence 18, 30

Treere 10

Tose 9

oderwel 29,3, 3, 3038
sary arcane) 001
pies 820

Veses Sir 6

eet lve 209

Victoria Ea 253

‘Visionary (archetype) 104, 20
Void, 9

Voi aie 26,

Wed

Weal 05
Werenales M22
Wilpowe 93,9, 9 107, 19
‘Wings of estacy 8
"Wiwing 2

Wits aii) 23

wis

wills

™

Socal Neal
‘Strength, @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. ___@0000
Dexte @0000 Manipulation. OOOO Intelligence. #0000
‘Stamina, @0000 Appearance 000 Wits.

wooconccccccccooooces bilities
Sills

look
Alertness Crafes___ Bureaucracy. 00000
Athletics, Drive, Computer. _00000

H Awareness Etiquette. Enigmas 00000
Brawl 2 Firearms Investigation, 00000
Dodges Sas Leadership__ lw_______ 00000
Empathy. Meditation, Linguistics___.o64.00000

If Expression__ Melee, Medicine, 00000
Intimidation, Performance Occult 00000
‘Streetwise, Repair, Politics, 00000

Subterfuge. Stealth, Science. 00000

Advantages
fasion

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

reccecs lif soecce

g909900090000 [Dificuty] Damage] Pathos

rocces fhm aecce




eneidache ftir 2
ie Shady

ctw lis ag!

5 Toallie aiorheld dears?"
 iistled he alin
