# File: Wraith the Oblivion - 2nd Edition.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


cat

iad OBLEyLor

The Storytelling Game of Passion and Horror

Wraith: The Oblivion Created By Mark Rein-Hagen, jennifer Hartshorn and Sam Chupp
2nd Edition by Richard E. Dansky


5
Credit
Original Design and Concept by: Mark Rein® Hagen, Jennifer
Hartshorn and Sam Chupp
Second Edition Design & Development by: Richard E.
Dansky
Storyteller Game System: Mark Reine Hagen
Design and Development Contributors: Andrew Bates, Beth
Fischi, Nicky Rea, Mark Rein® Hagen, Cynthia Summers and
Fred Yelk
Written by: Bill Aguiar, Jackie Cassada, Mark Cenczyk, Ben
Chessell, Richard E. Dansky, Graeme Davis, lan Lemke, Steve
Long, James A. Moore, Joshua Mosquiera, Nicky Rea, Ethan
Skemp, Wendy Soss, Cynthia Summers, Richard Watts and
Fred Yelk
Original Fiction by: Rick Hautala
Editing By: Cynthia Summers
Additional Editing by: Ken Cliffe
Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen Miles
Art by: Mike Chaney, John Cobb, Mike Danza, Guy Davis,
Darren Frydendall, Michael Gaydos, Pia Guerra, Anthony
Hightower, Fred Hooper, Leif Jones, Eric Lacombe, Brian
LeBlanc, Vince Locke, Larry MacDougall, Heather
McKinney, George Pratt, Jonathan Rhea, Andrew Ritchie,
E. Allen Smith, Ron Spencer, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Drew Tucker
Front Cover: Larry Friedman and Henry Higginbotham
Layout and typesetting by: Katie McCaskill

other aspects of this book may be reproduced for personal use.

vised. PRINTED INCANADA

) ©1996 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction without writ- ti
ten permission of the publisher is expressly denied, except for the pur-
D pose of reviews. Wraith: The Oblivion, Guildbook: Artificers, Sea
of Shadows, Dark Reflections: Spectres, Wraith Players' Guide and
all related Storyteller games are trademarks and copyrights of White
Wolf Game Studio. All contents are copyrighted by White Wolf un-
less otherwise noted. The Character Sheet and Shadow Sheet, but no

The mention of or reference to any companies or products in these
pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion is ad-

Ey. Son
Playtesters: Fred Yelk, Ronni Radner, Cynthia Summers, Ethan
Skemp (The First Victims); Michael Rollins, Joshua Gorfain,
Andrew Bates and Laura Perkinson (The rest of The Cryptkicker
Six), Adina Adler, Roger Dingledine, Chris Douglas, Elizabeth
Ditchburn, Heather Grove, Jeffrey Howard, David Kern, Larry
Lenoff, Harold MacKiernan, Gwendolin Piper, Sybil Shearin and
Andrew Twyman (Somerville), Catherine Hackett, Edward
Sleight Jr., Brad Alan Townsend, Forrest Marchinton, Catherine
Little, Shawn Carter, Stewart MacWilliam and Deena McKinney
(Athens), Tad McDivitt, Andrea McDivitt (né Wyatt), Michael
Tracey, David Dilks, G. Scott Smith, Charles Genter, and Cal-
liope Reeves Alien Budd (Asheville)

Dedicated to three men whose work has been instru-
mental in creating the book you now hold:
Edgar Allen Poe, who has invited so many of us to dance
with Ligeia and Annabel Lee at the Masque of the Red Death,
and whose words are so seductive that not one of us has
thought of refusing the invitation.
H. P. Lovecraft, who has shown us how vast, deep and awful the
darkness is, and how desirable it is to learn the darkness' secrets.
Ray Bradbury, who, more than any other author, has shared
with us the guilty secrets: that there is delicious pleasure in
fear, and joy in the darkness, and that at midnight even the
ghosts and goblins creep onto the playground for a little fun.
For "The Fall of the House of Usher", "The Colour Out of
Space", "Pillar of Fire", "Israfel", The Case of Charles Dexter
Ward, The Halloween Tree, "The Conqueror Worm", At the
Mountains of Madness, Something Wicked This Way Comes, and
so many more, I thank you. May this book serve as some small
form of repayment for the hours of magic and wonderfully
sleepless nights you've given us.

ab

SUITE 100
g 780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

CAME STUDIO


Prelude

Book One: Deh

Chapter One: introduction
Chapter Two: Setting
Chapter Three: Rules
Bok Tw: eh
Chapter Four: Character
Chapter Five: Tats
Chapter Si: The Shadow
Book Three: The Darker Side
Chapter Seven: Storytelling
Chapter Eiht: Systems
Chapter Nine: Drama

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

lh

2

a)

«

G) t és but a shore time. in che scheme of things.
since my last missive, and yet I am in~
spifed co write again. Would T could say
that great and glorious changes aFthetand
of the dead impel me. to amendymy previous
work, bie chat is only Sion case.
: Chaviges there have been. and it & muyper~-
vent hope that chey shall continue: yet for now, they.are slight
=» of light in a cellar door. promising that all need not be blackness.,
Tn trtich. my inspiration has largely been the effects that

"my last writig has Wrought-upon this side of the Shrou, Such
was the'consternation of the "Deathlords at my breach of their
dreaded, Dictian Mortum — their law forbidding truck with
‘those who get breathe — such the fury with which they have
sought co.lay their hands upon me, and such che punishments
they have sworn to visit. updn your humble, servawt, chae T
cannot resist the teniptation to embrace the path of the gadfly

Death has always been che*greatest mystery of life.
That undiscovered country from which no traveller has yet
returned inspires fear and curiosity in equal measure. Some
ory not to chink of it: others give over their lives to the
_ contemplation of what might lie beyond the veil of death.
And yet. is death truly so mgstergous? Surely, in all
‘cultures from che beginning of time. there have beerttales of
the Sead returning to the world of the living, impelled by some

~sunfirished cask, or che well-being of a loved one, or revenge
upon some enemy. Equally. there have been those who have, or

~ pretended to have. the'gift of seetig and holding converse with

_ the shades of the deadefrom the Sibyls of antiquity to'the

« tablé-rappers and self-proclaimed psychics of more recent years.

= "Wherefore, then. ts death 30 fearful. and so little known?
* For certainly chere has been ample opportunity for theiliv-

their condition and the hature of the world they inhabit.
Am yet the questions that have been asked are of 0 little
_ tmport — the location of a lost brooch, or whether the de-
© parted spirit finds the next world to its liking.

oe
Tag
"* scares them more, They don't ask'scientafic ques=
"tions, because fiey are afraid of the answers. As
"George said, its easier not to think about it.
Alsoy the Hierarchy has this Jaw called thesDic=

to doiwith the living. It's not-surprising th&t
the living know So little. Otherwise, we wouldan't
be .writing what we're writing "now. I say we,

and then. Someone has to-ride herd on Milord here.
Otherwise he'll drown us ali in his honeyed prose.

-2see Welcome, dear reader...

comparedsto the changes one would wish for. They are a chink |

ing to question the spirits of their dead. and to determine,
Death scares people. What comes after death.

tum foe to ‘stop the dead from having too mich |

because I hope to get @ Word in edgewise every now"

ocho

- ne >
sneepehe T have not fele more vital. more joyful, more alive
~ you will: since the worthies of England sought to ruin me for
my verses. and -so prevent my corrapting their children.
4 "And 50. through my loverof mischief-making and che i~
creasing ease with which I can control these electrical writ-
ing machines of yours. I recurn to pry another stone frovi the
_ bottom corner of the Hierarchy. My frienY Ernest proph-
i if I continue to elude their vengeful minions. the
opiumof sedition shall presently have me writing weekly. and
he will have made a newspaperman-of me.*For my part, T
solemnly vow co hurl myself ito Oblivion befare I am con-
tent to.churn out such dull, dxy-ahd unornamented prose as he
Seeman be the work of a'reborcgr ‘For all.chde choligh Be ts
an excellent companion, and we agree on every powit except .
the literary. "We shall continue to tweak the noses of the
"Deathlords for as long as we may. each in our own manner, ~~
To think I taught him to-type. I may have
created a monster. ;

s

Dead -reesoees.

—,

{

"By Sappho and Catullus, a metaphor! I swear, my dear )
Ernest, my company és improving you! Your point is well
enough made (if somewhat inelegant in its expression). and I
consider: myself chastened for straying from the intended course
of my dissertation. My intent is to set forth the nature of
those dead shades who call themselves wraiths, their various
conditions am the opemition of those forces which. set and
maintain chem in theér lamentable state. To this task I shalle
now bend myself without further ado.

George without ado? I'll believe that when I see it.

‘Know firstly that the spirits who become chat which
we call wraiths are by no means the whole of those who
depart the world of the living: Their condition dses not con-
stitute the whole of the afterlife. bit is rather of the: naq
ture of an interruption of the soul's journey to Eternity —
whatever Eternity might be. Iranic. is tt not. chat the seeker
after the mysteries of Ocath should for ho answer upen hist
crossing over the Shroud. but instead another. mystery. On
this. I shall have more t8 say presently. 5

The things that divert the "spirit into the shadowed
world of these Deadlands are those which wraiths gall by
the names 8f Tassions'and Fetters. Though you knew tot
their nies, dear reaver. yousvill have seen these things in
mauy forms. for there és scarce a ghost story that ever has
been ‘told which lacks them. ;

A Tassion is that which prevents the spirit from its
rightful progress post mortem. and so holds it fast to the
painful lot of ghosthoo'. The murdered mart's desire for Ven

eqgeance upon his slayer. che Soting parent's care for 4 favor-,
ite chil' — all these and-more besides arePassions. Te is
Scarcely.an exaggeration to suggest that theke are as.many
different kinds of Passions as there are indiviual wraiths.

aan tag
a ke a

Fetters. by contrast. are material things. which the spirit
~~ cannot bear to part withal*and which thus tie him to the
Shadowlands. Ifyou will. a Fetter is the objeée upon which a
"Passion is spent: the. miser's gold. a loved one. still living. a
favorite place. Only when the spirit gan resolve, within it~
self; the force of these ties to the living world. may it hepe
to pass out of the existence of a wraith,
The jusc-reborn "Enfant. as'a new wraith is called. ar-
rives upon this sive of the Shiro as helpless. in many ways.
as the living infant arrives tn the living Worl. As he is
covered by a Caut of "plasm, his senses are dulledgund his mind
confused: and che whale of the Shadowlands appears to him
as a jumbled dream. A few harry and determined souls are
able to tear free of their Cauls by their own whaided strivings.
but by far the majority muse await inevitable Thralldom,

6 Souls are upon decasion the food and the curPency, of
wraiths. as well as their p&pulation, and the capture of an
Enfanc by removing its Caul enriches che catcher. The lotof
the Thrall is as miserable as anyehing the living slave has-
endured chigoughout history. and yet many are often: saved
fromsworse abuses than the living mind can frame by the
consideration of their material value.

be
es

It varies. There Gre good nfsters and bad
masters. Some are sadists, and some are only in

» wit for the money. There are a few who.actually
want to help. A Thrall owmed by a powerful
wraith is safe from other wraiths, and can learn
how things work. Some masters see -themselves
more-as teachers. A fair number even set their
catehes free. Mostly, though, it's business. Some
things don't change on this side of the Shroud.
"True enough, and che lot of some Thralls is sometimes pref-

yi erable to the hazardous existence of the Lemures. These are the
souls who by various means have thrown. off, chetr Cauls. bue
» yet have avoided enslavement by others. Held in the Shavowlands
bly cheir Tassions. they are still relatively young and weak, ant
easy prey for eer and stronger wraiths, should those wor-
thies decide to go a-hunting. For all that. the Shatowlands

the story of every wraith: there are bast lusts as well us
‘noble Passions What I speak of now is the bestéal. grasp-
ing, selfish part of each soul that exists only to drag town
che purposes off every wraith, Te is eurrencly fasMonable
among certain — dead. of course — circles to label this
sinister voice with a variety of | psychological appellacions:
the . or somesuch. This Voice ts d*tempter: often power
—fuleand offering pleasures a and powers that can prove to b be
ant opium tothe dead: making matters" "arse. it is an ex»
quisicely personal demon. Its whispers can only | heard~
in che silence of your own mind: its "oh-so-reasonable ar~
giiments cannot be swayed.or refuted by the calming Voices.
of one's ‘associates. an one must struggle wich it with,
neither aid nor assistance. . ay

¢

p
é
|
|
:

_les8ly back*and forth in a zoological garden: So tightly bound' *

Drones aye tightly anchored to their Fetters,

Still, these actors iiponsa ghostly stage are*but half"

: \
are as full of free Lemures as a city is full of mice; individu-
ally swall and weak. yet their kind endures and always shall.

And yet Thralls ans Lemures are not the lowliest of
* wraiths. "Orones are the lowest of all. and indeed there are
thosé who hold that they are not indeed wraiths at all.but
rather some recurring ripple in the Ocadlands. a Giinning
‘echo that MLQs.the likeness of a wraith but not much of (ts
substance nor its consciousness. They are poor things. bereft
of will. who may 0 no more than cling to cheirPassions and,
endlessly repeat some actionHike a caged lion whe paces end=

to their, Fetters, these pitiable creatures exist at the very
membrane of the Shroud itself: and are more often seen by 4
the living than are other wraiths. x oi

Fetters can be a good thing. ora bad thing. Sibor
and they can't do anything away from them.- But
without Fetters, a wraith can't get into thé
Shadowlands at all. For all their faults, the *
Shaddwlands are a better place to be than many.

+ Indeed. and the Oomem — thosewraiths who are denied
accessto the Sharowlandsby the breaking, or atrophy of —
their Fetters — must find-chemselves some niche of safety.
or risk Oblivion. Many embrace the "Hierarchy. which» «
whatever may be said againse ic — is che very model of
stabilitgg Others enter such of the Heretic cults as are con-,
vivial to their inclinations and Philosophies. Te takes a strong
spirit indeed to survive the loss of ones Fetters.

Perhaps the stFongest of wraiths are those called
Gaunts. by retaining some of their Passions, and yet being
strong enoygh to journey safely beyond the Shadowlands,
they may come and go asethey please. This freedom breeds *«
great authority, for all must acknowledge the strength that
nurtures it. Though many" entities nay be more greatly hy
feared than the Gaunts. only the Ferr ymen are more re~
spected. Of the. Ferrymen, Ishall have niore to say pres~ #
ently: for they are not properly numbered among the Qcead,
being perhaps something other.

a * ‘

Leta all got a dark side. whet eee ‘live 4
_it's apart of us, and we may struggle With it, |
hut we do so silently.» Fo, ‘us ghosts,» that |
struggle gets harder because that little voice
ea our head suddenly gets a mind® of its ‘own
ont héres It's called the Shadow, "and it takes
a lot of pleasure ain tempting you to do things
you. ‘shouldn "te Of course, if you listen to it,
it "just gets stronger. Eventually, it may try
to take* over completely, ana when that hap- 4
"pens, it's just not pretty. There are ways to
keep Shadows under control,» but they)' ve got
Some tricks hidden up their sleeves, too, Ev=_
ery wraith has a perSonal-Civil War going on © ®
~ inside his head, and no prisoners are takens is

ce
T muse pause in my discourse upon the Dead and ‘their
‘society. and expound somewhat upon the world
a and ies relationship with the world of the Quick. The
Sharowlands. as they are called.rare the pare of our world
which colle most airecsy upon yourss,

the experion® of death, for only a very few may pass through
de without dying. In some ways, it may be regarded as a
m ine. opaque in some places, transparent in others.
"through which those who know the ways may, pass. and at
+ which others must stop. .
Although. as I have said. the a Shadoutinos a the liv-
ing World wiay at some times and in some places be almost as
4 one, the Shroud serves always to hamper congress between
them. Whatever lies across. the Shroud looks as if it has

George is right. It's a hard thing to accept.
© But there are Places where the dead world can af=
=fect the living world. It is seldom for the petter,
‘though. Wihils are one example. They are places in
the Shadowlands where there is a kind of @ hole that,
"connects to the, Tempest. Strange things can happen
~ around a@ Nihil, even in the (Skinlands. What happens
around a Nihil in the Shadowlands is even worses

‘ . -

At times. the Shatow lands take their form voc
from the living*world upon which they border.like a dark
cloth duped over fine sculpture. Elsewhere, in those places

stamp their features upon the world of the Quick.

". Such places aft often glooniy. and the more sensitive
tof those living souls who go there. know. with a dread.
unspoken certainty that they walk among the Ocad. These

> are the great burying-grounds. the crumblingginner-ctty,
Tabara hs and the ruined houses of evil fame. s

hey inhabit. with each other at certain points. They are, as it were, mir~

Ss Separgeing the ara Aa the living worldts chat" tao sl fora | Watch hand to caress. Sounds carry chron

je Which we-call the Shroud. In a certain sense, the ar fige

been tainted by decay, its majesty fallen to rot. and yet it is

we Hanns Citadels and Necropolisce oe Pe

most thickly peopled with wraiths, they are strong enough to

nied ha ;

. i 3
Se and the world of the Quick intermingle:

ror images of ‘each other, and yet they occupy: at least a
hac. fhe same, = physi al sine x, "

the Shroud only as distant. distorted things: voices are heard
but echo wich an'odd hollowness. ¢ Striving to touch something
that is on the other side ix futiletfor one's hands pass thrdugh
it as if ic were mist: yet the desired object remains stoic in >
its solidity even as ghostly hands. penatrate its very subp
stance, How. many teurs have 1 shed— Land every other

poor new wraith —in trying at first to embrace the beloved

Quick. and how biccer the'sight of chose tears falling through,
and not upon; their unknowing hands and faces! Te

ry you
parton me: despite the passing of years and centuries, it is +

still a bitter thing co me. . i ¢ oy 7

We

Ernest's measured prose cannot convey the aura of a
place that harbours a Nihil. Sight and sound are distorted
as the scuff of the cTempese slowly surges into the ~
Shadowlands: to the living: the place will have an ill fame,
for suder disappearances and unexplained events. Ic is the
existence of Nihils that reminds the grieving wraith of the
necessity of the Shroud. for it ‘at least protects the Quick
from the chaos of the Tempest.

oe

- x

the superstitious, We call ces thant far 0 there the u
Dead gather. *

fa Haunt may be, as it were.-a building = or at most a
street — in the Shadowlands, then'a "Necropolis is a very city
of the Ocad e composed of callected Haunts as a living citysis
made ofrindividual buildings. The largest. strongest Haunt in a
Necropolis és. ofttimes graced with the name of Citadel, and
stands like the baron's castle over the city as.a symbol of safety
and of power. Ie ts a rare Citadel that is not hel far the Hier~
arehy. in fief to,the ‘Ocathlords and at their commanr. .

t

If the Shadowlands were the whole | of the world of the
Dead. chen this work would be an basier one. That which
lies in 30 close a juxtaposition with the world of the Quick,

—<—?

"e
"Af one accepts that in the Underworl® darkness is our
light: spirit our flesh and entropy pur energy. then Oblivion
és our sun, All of the Underworld proceeds from Oblivion.
oc ii all revolves' arqund-it. "Out to leave the matter thus
ae unqualified would bea grievous understatement.

Liviily science, so T understand. has concluded that force
"and Matter are one and the same, and chat any form of sub--
stance ts it amount of eneray which has th soe manner
become congealed and taken material form. Conversely. the
splitting of an atom (what irony. for those who hotow' | their
~ Greek!) causes the matter to re-form itself" as energy. Oy

reflecting this principle in the dark mirror of the Shroud, one
~ warrives at the fe ‘position that the plasm which makes up
every thing aud being in the Undexworld is naught but a
* measure of entropy. which for a fleeting moment takes ma~

The Tenipest is. if you will, the ocean of the Underworld,
(fer it surrounds all and conjoins all, and every other part is
f somehow' or another set in it. Even Oblivion, that titan dark-
ness, uanifests icself within the endless storm as a Void set
‘ikea jeweler's cut stone into, a Labyrinth of darkness.

"Beyond that, I mist confess that in this partieular —
and. my rear Ernest, in this alone — words quite fail me.
© My poor Wordsmithing is inadequate to the task of deserib=
. ing che Tempest. and indeed it is only with difficulty chat I
cah rematin calm while thinking of it. More than any other
pure of the Underworld..che Tempest is, quite literally, in=
describable. Ie ts in part lke the worst and stormiest sea
that ever mortal mariner set*sail upon, and yet it is more
sand worse. There are chings called "by ways: safe paths chrough
the storm's madness. but these avenues take many forms.

or things chateven Ernest cannot put a name to. And yet
one may: peer out as one travels along this Byway and see
into the heart of the Tempest itself. where. multi-colored

E eee flick cheir'congues'through clouds of miasmal. uses,
d hailstorms af shart erystal rairt up ies the Aji

im eee The Wider Underworld <== — : :

pore Oblivion. cocccnene: ( a

"then Oblivion ts chat from which we are all made. and to which

coneooncs The Tempest ---cococe

"those perilous Sxamas when aw saith és forced by some great

. dvanids dre inevitably composed of Spectres stoking tQtor-* 4

They pipe on or roads, or Straight locomotivetracks:"

and which both fies and"is formed by @. ais ly ies Aer,
nature most able to be imaginedsby the living reader; and
most easil@explained. The same may not be said of the rest. -~

+

terial form. Thus. it is possible to conceive that plasm may <
at any time dissolve itself and become entropy onee more.
given circumstances congenial to this transformation.

_ If this proposition be true — and it is much Sebated =>

we muse, in all probability. at some time-return, As to the — 2 f
"Underworld and the plasm of, which tt is made, there is much
to be questioned as to whether it arose spontaneously. "or out»

of some volition of the Quick or the Dead. or indeed whether"

some dark and unfathomable. will chat some souls believe ren

sides within Oblivion would.have it so. Out those questiosix

are fox scientists and philosophers. and Ttot for poets. newspa~ «
permen and scallawag revolutionaries. In the end, i suffices -
to say tit Oblivion is that dark hunger that tugs at us all,
demanding that we'spiral, like Tearus. down to join teed 5:

Of all wraichkind. only those twisted. insane creatures
called Spectres may travel the Tempest without losing theér.
reason, and that only because they have alreaty tose4e. The a
common belief among wraiths is that the Spectres were once *
as they are. and became Spectres through surrender to the
whispering fragment of Oblivion in their minds.There ts a
certain amount of poetic justice ii this notion, and it saves
wraithly theorists from straining to produce another theory
of Spectral origins. Ic.is known that during ddarro

agony into the Tempest. the cast and crew of the nightmare

ment the unfortunate wraith who has fallen tato their
‘clutches. Perhaps they aré recruiting, or. like Milton's fallen '*
Lightbringer. seeking companions in Steir torment." $
The ‘Ferrymen, whom T have already mentioned inpass~
ing Seem-able to traverse the Tempest with®ut hurt, and to,
guide'others throvigh ic if they will: T am reminded that T,
have not as yet given any account of these extraordinary
beitas, tind beg the reader's patience but a liccle longer. until
mh brief geographia ofernis be ita in all is parts.

living than the fear of what might befall che, spirit once life
és over. Let there be a tell, a Tartarus, a "Niflheiin oran
Apsu. and belike youll find a contented priest. well-fed by
his fearful. parishioners. I must own to a chuckle or two
when I consiser what chose loving priests would make of the
- Shatowlands, and how they might react to the discovery that
theasante system ts in ‘operation eve here. ‘Gut Ihave yet to
see a priest here. "Perhaps, that is significant: I know not.
"be that as it may it has oft been said chat faith
SUCCOUrS, the: spirit in adversity. and there és no less truth
ion post funera than,ante Another benefit
h isithe pleasure and security of fellowship.
among likexminde® souls. And let us not forget

a

The: best way to describe Renegades is "none
lof the above." Some are freewheeling bandits;
. Some are refugees or dissidefits trying to avoid
the Hierarchy, some are genuine misfits. on
*.. the whole they oppose the Hierarchy, but then
the Hierarchy denies their right to exist. Groups

.

L

iteraecley pase, merits awéder exposition than
IF yet received in these. pages: for good or for ill.
its influence is felt in 1 almost every part of the "Under-
world. "With great Charon at its head and ruling in the
very model of Platy's enlightened despot: the Hierarchy
3 Was all ti all a force for-good among the Oecad. affording
some protection to the wegk and resisting, to the benefit
of ML the Spectres and other horrors that betimes would
spew forth from che "Tempest.

. The Heretics . pocecsece

e,
TT here séis neste no greater incentive to piety for the

_loSophies in the Skinlands.

_That's something that will, need explaining in

romtse of better things co come. The poor weit Nias

ae Siege a

ae ae The Hierarchy ---202 : af

as great a need ofthese comforts as the "living Zone an
possibly greater."

~ I'll.spare you George'S further insights on
"the natutte of religion. What he may never come ‘~
aroufid to saying is this; There are groups in
the Shadowlands. that are held together. by a com—
non belief, just like-cults, réligions. and phi"
Wecall them Her-
etics, which is what they mostly call each other. —
In exchange for being loyal, their followers are
guaranteed the support of the organization. Some —
Heresies claim to have the key to TranScendence. —

detail, but for now, think of it as similar to!
living religions offering a short-cut to Heaven. ae

A a -.
rise*and«fall, alliances form and dissolve."
About the only constant among them is change. ~

sont people would call me, George and) the®
others Renegades. The Hierarchy certainly does, 5 —
It's as good @ name ds any, and they" re not the-
first to use it. 5

' .

Of late. Saath: the strong hand of Tharon has been hy
absent from the tiller. Corruption. self-interest..and
power struggles.have run rampantethrough the fabric of
the dlierarchy. turning its Geneficent. if paternalistic.
rule into a dark and bloody tyranny, The principle ac—
tors in this tragedy are of cw kinds: the ¢, Death
and the Guilds:

Justaas che living ocean may, at certain times and in

certain places. hurl itself upon the land with terrifying -

Wy. er wor Dillon avin Sremicr cuphoon. This appalling manifesta~
tion is known to wraiths asa Maelstrom: Oblivion itself
seems to Vomit forth abominations into: throught and by means
of the Tempest. raring, entire ‘Necropolets and wracking

PR ca : Sivia eeeccosee : Ss *

upon that island stands a great city, whose name is Stygia.
"Moresghan ouce. like fabled Aclantis, ic has been whelmed
Jbpa Maelstrom. and each time it has rebuile itself from the
ruins of its past and scaled even greate r heights of glory and
© grahdeur: To many, who reside there. Stygia. is thee Whole of
the Unerworl. just tas London is. to many Londoners. the

whole of England. and Paris, to Prisians, che whole of
—* France. The whole it may not be. but it is most remar able.

° The history of Stygia you will find set down at length in

allude-to the work-of the remarkgble shave whose hand has
"® wrought ic, For now. the reader need be-aware only that
the city was founded by great Charon, and under his wise

«There is much argument regarding the places knowh
te wraiths as the Far Shores-Many even doubt their
existence. Even thoigh I have never. myself beheld-chem
an newer expect-to do so, I accept the existence of ‘the

Far Shores just a3 a lWing person might accept the exist-

« ence of. say. the "county of Essex without ever setting
* foot there. And I must say. the existence of Essex uever

caused ime such delight.
George is a little caught up in his gloat-
ping. It may be a@ while before he says anything
sensible. I have no idea what he means about

* Essex, but he seems to think it's very funny.

+ the one on whtor Stygia stands._Depending, on
whose story "you believe; they are either the
‘authentic heavens and hells of about every re=
ligion there ever was, or they are shams,-pre=
ar 2 to be these same heavens andghells ‘in

fs ie,

pe eS ; Maelstroms Sivas ots

‘force. so che Tempest, may vésit upon the rest of the "Un- =the fall of, Rome. the "Black Death and che WorldWars-

Within ghe madness of the Tempest is set-an island. and ~

" the pages' that fallow: I would hot presume to do more than

gee é see The Far aah atgcoece :

The Far Shores are islands.in the Tempest, like,

ae "The ‘appearance ofa Madlsttons is ofte® Linked to
some terrible chain ofvevents in the of the Quick =

of thés past century were all accompanied by these fearful
disasters — but a MgelstrSni. may also Visite itself upon
the Underworld sire: che stirring of some Bre! force
within Oblivion. mt Se,

ae

and beneficent rule endured foemany centuries. the greatest
and the noblest of the Citadels of the Dear. Lately. however,
Charon was swallowed by che Tempest while battling a ti-
+
tanie apostle of Oblivion. and without his restraining hand:
the eghtor' ts who opie the role "of Senate 6 Cigrort sa

on the Paslat rement of all. _ %

Te is chiefly to spite these "Oeathlords. ae the Hieyar~~
chy which serves them. that T and.my collaborators te ¢
these words. I dq this so that the true state of : affairs in © &
‘Underworld shall be known to the Quick and the Oca Fa
the despotic Hierarchs shall-be seen. once and for all. for .
what they aré: Their eagernesg to silence all tongues save —
their own és reason enough. for all tongues to speak. and a
very babel to rise to aus out their lies.

"*
order to lure the faithful to some. apoleapant
fate. The latter view is official seyeian policy,
for whatever that is wotth. s

Personally, I don't know what to think about BP
the Far Shores. On prinéiple, I object to. agree~
ing with official Stygian policy. On the, other
hand, it seems-too convenient to have the genu~
ine afterlife' of every world réligior just "sit-
ting gut there in the Tempest.*That does. sound ».
like sucker bait. Maybe they really don't ex *
ist. &A lot of wraitlis do believe in them. A lot
more want to believe. Sone-take enormous risks
trying to reach them on their own. Others search
endlessly for a Ferryman willing to guide ‘trem:
Some wraiths will offer to take others to the~
Far poreey but what happens on'the journey is
anyone *s guess. I have seen crooks ren ae
wereue and refugees before.

"Alia the crafts ve wraiths call Arcanoi are wn~
like any' practised by a living artisan, they are as central to
the scheme of thingsipere as the crafts of carpentry, ma-
sonry aid iron-working ever were £0 a living nation, While
developing the seructure and apparatus df che fierarchy.
Charon found ic worthwhile to organitse ‘those wraiths mae
were skilled i imgne Arcanos or another into Guilds, bo

the promotion and development of each craft aud in ofS
impose some kind of order upon the freewraiths who fee
neither soldier nor slave.

The Guilds were always a fractious lot. quarreling
- amongst themselves and scheming against each other.

quar Led endlessly with oné another, their greatest con~
t was-reserved for those of no Guild — including the
 Deathlords and thejr Legions."No sooner, had Charon estab-
lished the ‘Guilds, chey themselves will cell you..ghtan they
commenced-to ignore his commands. and the commands of any
others but their own Guildmasters and mistresses. Tiideed.

4 many Guild-w) giehs claimed their abals to have farmed of

= Charon founded Stygia upon the morel of a republic.
Accorving to.the conventional wisdom of the<Dead. it was upon
‘noitess.a model than the Republic of "Rome. "With hinself as
consul. Charort installed seven crusted aides as Senators, each
commissioned with the governance-of @partoof the Underworld.
As time passed and Stygia waxed mighty. and Flanges in
the breathing world wrought echoes among the Dead. sod
"it behove Charon. at.ghout the time of the Cri usades. to re-
mathe his. administration on the feudal model. This was the
true birth of the Hierarchy. ‘for below Charon and the
_Oeathlords chere aroseorvers and classes of the dead: Knighes
sand Legions. Guilds and Thralls.

i As the time-since Charon's disappearance grows longer:
the Deachlords become bolder and more open in their nt

¢

; Ao last I can redeem my promise and give account of .
»* ‘the Ferrymen. I hugnbly thank you. dear-reader. for) your
"patient forbearance in waiting?30 long. and crust you will
understand that. with. the rest of the "Under world sketched
out, as it were, in broad strokes, my account of the Perry-
© men tg be the more complete and comprehensile ot
. Ferrymen are-én ancient and powerful orrer. f
orrer they may be called. To-be-sure. itis hard to know what

race, nor a Guild. Hor do chy appear particularly organized.

— zeal Guilds:

~ their initiative: Such Iubris ts either amusing or infurtating.
"Depending upon one s perspective, but at the very lease Lae 3

"the Aeanot.are no longer under their exelissive control and

uicin ~
that lay perhaps their greatest strength. For ee they *

The Deathlords ' Sees Res ae =

oe ThE Feny nen oes :

to call chem. extept "Ferrymen: for they are neither of one "pf-a Ferryman. Only the boldest would dare question aFer=.

*eheir own valétion, and that Charon simply took® credtt re

refreshing. ~~ %

~ The ierarehy. wall coll you that the Guilds were bro-
ken, and can no longer use the monopoly of their knowledge
asa political Weapon, This is but a partial ceuth. Certainly,

tutelage. bite the Guilds perstst in secret. much as do"Ernest-
and myself. Perhaps one "skilled wraith insten owes alle-
glance to a Guild? ie there is a high price paid for being
found out, by i
In such times as we now endure. the Guilds area beacon
of hope. even in'their presently reduced condition The na~
ture of the Arcanot in which the Guilds teach and deal may~
be found set forth elsewhere in these pages. by ahand more
able than my own, "While I owe my continued existence tn no
small measure to Guild protection iy time of need. I am no
more thana humble jour meyman scarce out of apprenticeship,

Winitenoc silted co-wrtte' upon the wider mysteries.

Amid amaze of shifting alliantes, plots and becrayals, they
contest the sticcession to Charon's throne. They are*im-
mensely powerful. with many followers and practically in=
exhaustible resources: and though it has not. yet come to
open warfare, the effects of their scheming are hardly less -
destructive to the peat and liberty of the Restless. Each :
DeachlorS spares no effort — in the name of the good'of ~
the dlierarchy. of course — to enrollithe living in their
Legions of the "Dead. and to enslave all those wraiths who
remain at liberty before a rival should gain control over
them. "To be free isto be considered an enemy of these des-
pots. and the Ocathlords serve their enemies inways that
"the Turks, the oly Inquisition and che Minton Rouge
would envy and admire L4

amoug themselves: yet thay all are ‘Ferrgmen each inghis or
her own right, é hf
Chitron was a ‘Fer ryman = perhaps the greatest of "Fer-
rymen, though it is hard to comparé one with another — long
before he founded Stygia: There is a tradition among the ‘Dead
chat he was indeed the first of the Ferrymen. and the others
dat onetime serve hig: bute whether-this be truth or inven=
tion no wraith can tell. for none has hadthe tale from the lips

pe eee

ryman, and only the most Joolish would ee an answer.

Sea : } |


Among their number, che reader will ford other names
_that,are familiar, besie that of Charon. They are termes.
"Grinthilde and her sisters. "Namtaru and others. The Fer

‘4

rymen "existed before the Hierarchy. before Stygia and
some say they have existed since the beginning, of time.
No power may command them from their self-appointed
tasks. and no power may sway their course: for alone of
all che beings.in the Underworld. they may. traverse the
_ Tempest at will. with no fear of Spectres or of any other
thing they may encounter.

George is getting oyinantias Sntae hére.
‘There have been Ferrymen around 3 avery long
time. However, I don't think theyre quite so
indestructible as he does. There are plenty of

‘a ystowies of Ferxymen rescuing wraiths Test in
the Tempest from Spectres. Still, the Spectres
don"t jiist-roll over and die in.those stories.
ge

I'n eaten "this topié, because Paxcus to think
what flights of poetry Milord would cook up on
*"the subject. To cut through all the -mystery,
_ Mranscéndence is to wraiths what redemption is

to those living people who believe in it. With

life in the Underworld being what it is, there is
no shortage of wraiths who are willing to be=
lieve in this.crumb of hope. It's a little harder
to find anyone who hay seen it happen.
A lot is said about Transcendence, inelud-
(ing a gdoG, deal of contradiction. What it seems

a poil down to is that by Transcending, &
wraith can "be plucked out of the Underworld
_ just' as if he or she had never been diverted
_ there at the point.of deaths Just how Transcen-
fe denee is achieved is also subject to argument.
Some' say, Transcendence is a state of mind, or
~ enlightenment. Others say that letting go of
© Passions and Fetters can lead to Transcendence

if gvon are ready fomit. I must' say I would

Far now ip haus set down chat which we may. as en as
we can. Ie is time.to give way to other writers. more knowl—
edgeable in cheir own spheres. (We Inve set. the stage. as it
were, and furnished the context within which. ic is our tfond

} aw the reaver will more Feadily be able to digest the matter...
that follows. If ie Séems incredible. weanake no apology: indeed. ~
we we eye i 50 when ese irst & confronted 13: Our desire. as before,

‘. 2

"of, F myscer ear imagination. yet you insist on reduding them
‘they go where they will: speak lictle co others, and their -

"in the enigmatic company of a Ferr yman. : eit

ee eS

have to be feeling ‘very) serene beiore I would —

7 | secbee - Valediction ee es

They. fight back, and my guess is tHat they win
every so often. Its just we tee "+t hear about
the ones who don't come back. It *senot like the
Ferrymen are going to talk about it, after all.

lave you no faith, Ernest? The Ferrymen oper

to the role of omnibus-conductors through the "Tempest. Tu
not let you get away with this: it remains to me Co restore
their majesty! "Now. to che task at hand... It seems that the.
only ‘thing-greater than their power is their mystery. for' >t

motives and interests may only be guessed at by us lesser &
creatures. Though their reedboats look flimsy and their lan-
terns throw long shadows. there is neithe? safer place nor ~
surer course upon the face of the Tempest than may be found

"Whatever you say, George.

voluntarily let go ofthe Sait things that hota
me ‘here in the Shadowlands, and keep me from
being dragged off into the Tempest. Still oth— ‘
ers saY that good deeds allow a wraith, to pay:
off whatever cosmic debt. led him into tne "Un- a
derworld, though that sounds like Wishful think=»
ing. There are other stories beside, not counting
the descriptions of the event, with everything
from pillars of fire to choirs of angels — or
so it seems. George tells me.my soul is too iad
small, mean and jaded to appreciate the ideas ‘‘
Whether Transcenderice truly exists or not-= *
is really beside'the point. It represents hope, Fe Tes
and gives many the strength to carry on when
otherwise they would give in. It also leads
some wraiths. to keep on resisting the Hierar-
chy, whem othex notives are not enough. x an~
sure that some peoplé' s religion gave them t
strength to resist fascist ‘powers in Bwrdp
from the thought that not resisting them would *
be a) sin.

is me you shoul not enter upon this' icon waprepared as

we d0. bue should be forewarned in certain particulars, and thus

better able co avoid certain hardships and abuses that we would

not Wwosh even upon our bitterést enemies. 2
Fare well, Sear reader, and pleasant dreams. May the:

day not come too early when the passage ead = Shroud

turus dreams into hard reality.

her until = ‘
after she'd
died, but that's all right. Sten

I was dead too, at that point. —— =
A wraith, technically. A

ghost, doomed to haunt my =

former place of employ- oe
ment aie the didn't moe er
know until what. It's not like there =

are instruction manuals on being a wraith, Agios cls

no matter what the movies say. Didnt do much A
haunting, either — no one even knew I was there. No
one living, that is. So I just cowered inside my haunt, eking
out my little ghostly existence and praying that eternity would end
quickly. There didn't seem to be many other options.

But one night I looked out the window at where the other wraiths were congregating on _

the street below, and I saw her. And she, well, she looked up and smiled at me. But that wasnt

uw

enough to get me to come down.

Then the ghosts of the soldiers came, and she couldnt hide fast enough. Some ghostly butcher maimed
her and carried her off. But that wasn't enough to get me to come down. Not in time to help her, anyway.

In the end, I had to force myself out, for my own reasons. Finding her means more than anything now, even
though I can feel the old office still pulling at me. But she's still out there, somewhere in these lands of the dead, and
I have to go find her. Just thinking of it fills me with strength I never had before. I wish I could explain it.

I will find her. And I will find the man — ghost — who hurt her. And when I do, he'll find that there are far worse
fates than being dead.


Rebirth

Consciousness returns slowly,

like dark, heavy drapes being drawn
aside by unseen hands...

T can feel my face, chest and
belly pressing down against the
hard, uneven ground. My fingers are
hooked like claws into the loose
gravel. A tortured groan gathers deep
inside me, but no matter how hard
1 try, I can't quite release it,

It's as though I've forgotten
how.

Darkness blankets me, squeez-
ing and pressing my body merci-
lessly down against the earth. When-
ever I try to breathe, I can't feel even
the slightest movement of muscles
or ribs expanding my chest, no cool
rush of air in my throat and lungs.

What's happening to me?

Cold, stark fear stronger than
any I've ever experienced grips me
as | stare into the darkness that pul
sates behind my eyes.

T cant even tell if my cyes arc
open or closed.

Afterstaring into this nothing-
ness for a timeless instant, patterns
begin to emerge. Veined flashes of
yellow and white split the darkness

like lightning. Hazy amorphous
shapes like huge. glowing amoebae
simultaneously advance and recede.

Faces, their features fost in
impenetrable shadow, swirl around
me like autumn leaves swept by
whirlwinds that pull and tug at me
from every direction at once. Vague
thoughts and dull, echoing voices
flit like phantoms through my
mind. Whenever I try to grasp any
one particular thought, it slips away
from me like fine beach sand, sift-
ing between my fingers.

And then the thought is gone...

Lost forever.

Lost just as you are, a tiny
voice deep inside my mind whispers.

T think I remember who! am.

My name is David...David
Robinson.

Finally, one clear, single image
burns more strongly and clearly than
any other.

Lights.

I remember seeing two spin-
ning circles of light coming
straight toward me from out of the
darkness.

My body tenses, and I remem-
ber the sensation of ducking to one

side as I.brace for impact.

Yes! There was an impact!

The thought is as palpable as a
stinging slap across the face.

A sudden rushing sound like
the tearing of wet cloth fills my
ears. I cringe inwardly, remember-
ing a dull, heavy thud, followed by
a chorus of wailing voices.

And there is something else,
something about a river.

I struggle to sharpen my
memories.

Tt had been Jate at night, maybe
even close to dawn. I'd been on East
Bridge Street, looking down into
the Stroudwater River.

The sky had been overcast.
No moon or stars. In the night,
the river looked like slick oil,
sliding with a faint, throaty gurgle
beneath the cement pillars of the
bridge. Whirlpools and eddies
dimpled the river's surface, and
something — a faint, trilling voice
— had been calling my name.

I remember that my hands had
been sweaty against the metal rail-
ing that still radiated heat from the
blistering summer day. The night air
had been raw in my throat, thick and

burning as I gulped it like water into

my lungs.


Dark water...

And | remember hearing a dis-

tant, hissing whisper that must have
been traffic, passing by on the In-
terstate. But there hadn't been much
traffic on East Bridge Street.

Not at that hour.

I often walked there late at
night...to think, to work through
story ideas.

Yes, I'm a writer. Well, at least
I used to be. Whenever I couldnt
sleep, I'd come here to contemplate
just what the hell was going wrong
with my life, now that — once again
— it had changed so drastically.

But tonight, | remember, I had
told myself that I had done all the
thinking I was going to do. Tonight I
had determined — finally — to do it!

And why not?

Sarah, my wife of 10 years, had
left me over a year ago, and the di-
vorce had long been finalized. This,
combined with a failing career and

— worst of all — the death of my

s only child, Karen, six years earlier,

had finally broken my will to live.
I realize that | had withdrawn

into a shell of solitude, punctuated

only by outbursts of anger. Most of
that anger had been directed at my
wife, but I can see now that the real
anger — the pure anger — should
have been directed against myself.

That's why I had decided to go
through with my plans tonight.

What was I supposed to do, pick
up my life again and try to carry on?

No. I'd just as soon be dead.

So that's what I must be,

Dead.

But if I'm dead, why can I still
feel my face, pressing against the
ground?

I groan inwardly as fragmented
images and memories coalesce in
my mind. Some of the things I re-
member almost make sense.

I'd been standing on the bridge,
gazing down into the river and wish-
ing — no, praying to God that I had
the courage to go through with it.

T knew that, ultimately, it could
be quite easy.

All I had to do was leap over
the railing and drop. Let gravity do
the job.

So many times over the last

year I had tried to imagine what it

would feel like. Perhaps that was
one of the drawbacks of being a
writer. I could imagine violent and
dangerous things much too vividly.

I could almost taste the thick,
choking river water gushing into my
nose and mouth, I could imagine
the river's dark current, strong and
dark, channeling between the pil-
ings, beckoning like waving hands
to pull me under. I could feel the
burning need for air as my lungs
filled, choking me, strangling me
like unseen hands that had caught
me and were wringing the life from
my body.

And then ...?

Then I hadn't dared to do it! I'd
chickened out.

That single thought burns in-
side me with a rushing sense of de-
spair that is almost audible. I havent
felt this miserable since Karen died.

But when it came right down
to doing it, to going off the bridge,
| hadn't found the courage!

Something else had happened.

Something had gone wrong,
but what?

If only I could remember...



Ghost, n. The outward and visible sign of an inward fear.
— Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary

oyou want to hear a ghost story? We've been
telling them since prehistoric days, when the
cave fires first danced shadows on the walls
and gave us time to reflect on the fact that
someday, we'd die. Since then, we've been
fascinated with death and the hope that, just
maybe, something comes after.

What Wraith: The Oblivion is about, then, is ghost stories,
but ones that are discovered rather than written, and told by a group
of players and their Storyteller. By sitting down to play an evening's
worth of Wraith, you are agreeing to help tell a tale that's never
been told before, and to which no one knows the ending.

The book you are now holding is the key to those ghost
stories. It provides the basics for a game that's all about
storytelling, and gives Storytellers the tools with which to spin
their tales within the framework of a game. This book will al-
low you to become a wraith — a ghost bound by passion to the

lands of the living — and experience all of your character's
triumphs and defeats. However, since your character is your
creation, those failures and victories are really yours as well.

At its heart, Wraith is a game, but a game concerned
with storytelling, not with "winners" and "losers." If you've 9
played other roleplaying games, this material is old hat to you, {
but if you're new to this sort of experience, it may be a bit
confusing. Don't worry, it's simpler than it looks, and most of |
what's involved is something you've been doing all your life.

But now it's time to tell some ghost stories: stories of love
beyond death and skeletal hands at mansion windows, stories
of hammers ringing in ghostly forges and phantom ships for-
ever sailing the storm-tossed night. At the center of each of
these tales, however, is you: the wraith. This isn't like watch-
ing a film or hearing something read to you. These are the
stories that you help create, and thus those stories are yours
in a way no movie or TV show can ever be.

Chapter One: introduction

——

elling stories is an integral part of the hu-
man condition. We've been passing along
tales and legends for time immemorial;
Greek bards were applauded for merely
reciting the lists of ships in Homer's Iliad.
We have a rich and varied oral tradition,

one that has been slipping away from us
as television and radio grow ever more pervasive.

Now, instead of telling stories, we listen to them. Instead
of creating new adventures for our favorite heroes, we wait
for their innumerable sequels to arrive in our local video stores.
We have abdicated our rights to create stories, content to be
an audience disguised as a culture.

It doesn't have to be this way. We can all still become
storytellers, and that's what Wraith is all about. This game is
a chance to tell stories, not merely to listen to them. It's an
opportunity to create something with others, not simply to
share a passive experience with them. A combination of game
and collaborative storytelling, Wraith lets us pick up, in our
own way, the mantle of the bards and troubadours of old.

Roleplaying

In addition to being a storytelling game, Wraith is a
"roleplaying game." The term is a frightening one for some
people, but really, roleplaying is something we've all been
doing since we were children. With every game of Cops
and Robbers, or every time we stood at the top of the play-
ground slide and imagined that we could fly, we were
roleplaying. We slipped easily into other personae, noble
policemen and nefarious robbers, brave soldiers or mighty
superheroes, until we were told that it was "silly" and "child-
ish." And so we stopped adopting those roles, and let
roleplaying recede with the memories of childhood.

Wraith calls for you to excavate those precious memories
and once again slip into someone else's skin. Of course, it needs
more rules than the playground did — "Got you!" "Did not!"
"Did too!" is no longer a workable basis for this sort of game
but not many. Alll the rules of Wraith do is set up the parameters

of the story, allowing the Storyteller to determine what each
wraith is and isn't capable of. Rules guide and direct the story,
eliminating conflict over whether or not a character's actions
are plausible. They don't dictate the action or restrict it.

All of the rules you'll need to play Wraith are located in
Chapter Three. Beyond that, the story is the important thing.

There's no real size limit on a Wraith game, but no more
than a half-dozen or so players is recommended. Beyond that,
players are forced to compete for Storyteller attention, meaning
that each character has less time to be the hero — or villain.

18 Wraith: The Oblivion


And will you also hatch out worlds, my son?

— Neil Gaiman, The Books of Magic

Wraith may work a little differently than most of the games
you are used to. There is no board, nor are there markers, tokens
or play money. Instead, the entire game takes place in the mind
and narration of the Storyteller, a player who volunteers to cre-
ate and narrate the stories in which all of the other players star.

Being the Storyteller falls somewhere between playing God
and substitute teaching. All the powers of creation are yours, at
least within the framework of the story. You describe and create
the world, populate it, decide its quirks and produce its grandeur.
On the other hand, you are responsible for allowing the players
and their characters into your creation, and while you can de-
cide the fate of the characters by controlling the actions of their
enemies, you relinquish control over your creation by allowing
them free will within it. Still, it's a small price to pay for being
the creator of stories and weaver of legends

The Storyteller's most important role is to ensure that ev-
eryone enjoys themselves. That means telling a good story in-
volving all of the characters, treating characters and players
fairly and equitably, and listening to what happens in your world
as well as creating it. You create the skeleton of a story, then
turn the characters loose to put flesh on its bones, balancing
between adjudication and narration as the situation demands.
You must determine which rules apply and how to apply them
to any given situation, and describe the situation vividly enough
that the players know how to react appropriately. You must
don the masks of every other character in your world, giving
each a personality and a voice as the characters encounter them.

Sounds daunting, doesn't it? Perhaps, but at the same time,
it is incredibly rewarding. Juggling the roles of entertainer and
arbitrator can be difficult, but this book is designed to make that
task as easy as possible. Storytelling Wraith will never actually
be easy, but this book can make it a simpler and more enjoyable
The reward for Storytelling is, after all, the story itself.
The Storyteller's role is explained in more detail in Chapter Eight.

Players

Not everyone can be the Storyteller; most people involved
with a Wraith chronicle will take the roles of players. While the
Storyteller sets the stage and creates the scene for the evening's
play, it is the players who stride upon that stage and create the
action there. Being a player takes effort and preparation, but both
of these elements add richness and texture to the story that you
and your Storyteller create.

In Wraith, you take on the role of a ghost, one of the Restless
Dead. You create the character whom you play over the course of a
story or stories, and decide what that character says and does. Equal
parts actor and director, you move your wraith through the world that
your Storyteller creates, acting and reacting as you feel appropriate.

proc

Asa player, you are ultimately responsible for your character's
words and deeds. Everything that your character says, you say.
Everything that your character does, you announce. Your goal is,
of course, to help your character overcome the obstacles that
face her by having her do and say things which will enable her to
surmount any roadblock and overcome any opposition.

Occasionally you will have your character attempt an ac-
tion for which your Storyteller will demand a dice roll to deter-
mine whether or not you succeed. Beyond that, simply think
back to your days of "let's pretend" on the playground. That's all
there is to it. Create your wraith, put on her personality like a
Halloween mask, and suddenly it's time to be somebody else; the
hero of a ghost story.

Characters

In order to play Wraith, you must adopt a persona and,
within the context of the game, become that role. Just as ac-
tors play characters onstage, you will play a character in the
bounds of the story that you and your friends create.

The difference, of course, is that an actor's character is
scripted by a playwright, while a Wraith character is created by
you. The actual process of creating a character is relatively simple;
detailed in Chapter Five, it generally takes under half an hour.
The assigning of Traits and other statistics
framework as to your character's capabilities. The hard part, lay-
ing flesh on the bones of the character shee

As you're going to be donning the mask of your character for
hours on end, it makes sense to make that character as real, as fully
fleshed out as possible. What does your character like to do? Does
she have any phobias or nervous
tence with the same phrase, or does she casually flip a knife from
hand to hand during conversation? These little details breathe life
into a series of marks on a piece of paper, and make the character
you create as real as possible. All great stories start with great char-
acters, after all, and you don't want yours to be an exception.

A little Twist

about Wraith is that

allows you to create a

comes next.

cs? Does she start every sen-

One of the Gnique thir
you aren't just restricted to playing your character
You also get the chance to play someone else's dark
side, called the Shadow. That way, even when your
character isn't directly involved in the story, as a
player you're still a vital part of what's going on.

As a Shadowguide, you get to tempt another
character into doing those things he knows he
really shouldn't do, or perhaps you'll just give him
enough rope to hang himself with. Remember,

though, just as you're playing someone else's dark

side, someone else is playing yours.


here are no "winners" or "losers" in Wraith;
f 3) W) there's no set goal or victory condition for play-
Se ers to achieve. The idea of the game is not to
{| beat the other players, as cooperating with the
other characters will most likely be necessary
for your own character's survival. Nor is the
goal to "beat" the Storyteller, since the Story-
teller and players should be working together to create the best
story possible. In many ways, it's not even possible to "lose" a game
of Wraith. Even if your character is destroyed, there's always anew
tole to play, a new mask to pick up, and a new story to tell.
Wraith, like all storytelling games, is about an entirely
different type of triumph than scurrying around the board and
accumulating brightly colored pieces of paper. Success in a
game of Wraith can be claimed for many different reasons:
for triumphing over foes during the course of the story (though
this may attract the attention of stronger enemies, and set
whole new stories in motion...); for resolving Passions and
Fetters in a satisfying way; for uncovering an enemy's evil
machinations and watching him be led off in chains; for
achieving hard-won Transcendence; for defeating that last
desperate assault by Spectres; for slipping through the fingers
of the Hierarchy when it looked like capture was certain; or
for simply coming away from the game with stories of what
your character did that will put a smile on your face later.

< ‘

Playing Aids

You don't need much to play Wraith besides your imagina-
tion. This book, some pencils and photocopied character sheets,
and some 10-sided dice are about all that's really required. If
your Storyteller is going to draw maps or use miniatures, a
table is a good idea, but beyond that nothing's necessary.

That's not to say, however, that other props can't be
useful or helpful. Scribbled letters, half-melted candles, news-
paper clippings — all can add to the experience of playing
Wraith and make the game more real. The trick is to re-
member that, no matter how clever the props you use, they
are only props, and the story is what matters.

Live-Action

As incongruous as the notion of a live-action game about
ghosts might seem, it can be an intense and memorable
roleplaying experience. Essentially improvisational theater set
in the world of Wraith, live-action allows you to leave the table
and dice behind and act out what your character does and says.

In most roleplaying games, you describe what your charac-
ter does and roll dice to determine if she succeeds or not. In a

20 Wraith: The Oblivion

live-action setting, you have the opportunity (within reason)
to do what your character does and say what she says, unfet-
tered by the need to roll dice to see if you can pull off whatever
feat of daring you're attempting.

Of course, without dice there needs to be some way to de-
termine whether or not you succeed at what you're doing, par-
ticularly if you're trying to affect another character. Alternate
tules, such as those provided in White Wolf's Mind's Eye The-
atre, or Storyteller adjudication are both possibilities for resolv-
ing this sort of conflict; the mechanism doesn't matter as long as
it's consistent and fair, and everyone has fun in the process.

The Rules of Live-Action

Live-Action does entail certain risks that aren't present in a
tabletop game (unless one of your friends rolls dice with extraor-
dinary viciousness). While live-action does allow for many more
players to interact than would be possible in even the largest
tabletop game, it also allows for the possibility of someone get-
ting hurt. With that in mind, always follow these simple rules:

* Don't Touch — While live-action allows you to act
out what your character does, there are still some things (such
as combat, leaping off fire escapes, high-speed car chases and
the like) that are best left to the imagination no matter what.
While it's easy to get caught up in the fervor of the moment
and allow your character to sweep you along, you should never
lose sight of the fact that this is only a game. Players who get
excessively rambunctious should be taken aside and allowed
to calm down; if they continually cross the line, they should
be removed from the game. No story or in-character triumph
is worth the risk of a player getting hurt.

© No Weapons — As beautiful as a sword may look as
part of your costume, as appropriate as a handgun (even a
model) might be for your wraithly hitman, no weapons should
ever be allowed in a live-action game. Even models or mock-
ups of real weapons (especially guns) are too real, and could
lead to someone getting hurt, not to mention suspicions about
your game from people passing by.

¢ Respect People Who Aren't Playing — Either restrict
your roleplaying to an area where the players are the only people
around (i.e., your house, a reserved room on your college cam-
pus, a rented YMCA), or remember that non-players will be
walking around the game area with no idea as to what you're
doing. Respect their space and don't make them a part of the
game without asking permission. The last thing you need is for
an unsuspecting member of the janitorial staff to stumble across
a Harrowing in progress and decide that you're performing a
diabolic rite in the local high school gym. Explaining to local
law enforcement that no, you're really just a Spectre dragging a
soul down to Oblivion probably won't help matters.

© Know When to Stop — Always remember that it's just a
game. No matter how deeply you identify with your character, no
matter how exciting the action, it'sstill just a game. If the gameplay
is too intense for someone, it's time to stop, no questions asked.


W | h

His life is fled and, deprived of his senses,

Beyond hope of survival, he suffers his lot,

Pallid upon the beam, enveloped in the mist of death...
—The Fortunes of Men, S.

eep down inside, most of us believe in
ghosts. Many of us want to believe that

A.J. Bradley, translator

death isn't the end, that our personalities
— our souls — don't vanish forever with
the last breath or heartbeat. So we believe
in ghosts in order to reassure ourselves that
death isn't the end after all.

In Wraith, death isn't the end. It's just the beginning. Most
souls, upon death, pass on to Transcendence or Oblivion, but a
few take up residence in the Shadowlands as wraiths. These
souls are special, bringing with them unfulfilled desires and
drives, emotions and needs that are so powerful that they are
stronger than death itself. Anger, love, fear, hatred — these are
some of the Passions that, until fulfilled, can tie a wraith to the
shadows of the mortal world. Driven by Passions and anchored
by Fetters, wraiths are caught between this life and the next.

Dwelling in the Underworld, between the memories of the
lands of the living and the utter horror of the Tempest, wraiths

walk a fine line between worlds. They can affect the mortal
world, but only rarely manifest in it; they can travel through
the Tempest, but never call it home. Illuminated by passion
and shadowed by fear, a wraith's existence can be bliss or terror.

Most wraiths pass quickly through the Shadowlands to
their final destinations. Bound only by weak Fetters and driven
by half-hearted Passions, they soon resolve the issues from
life that held them back. Player character wraiths, on the other
hand, have potent Passions and Fetters indeed, making them
stand out even in the community of the dead. Tied so fiercely
to the lands of the living, they are likely to dwell in the Un-

derworld for decades or more — if Fate permits.

The Underworld

This must be the place where you leam what you would not leam on earth.

— Peter Himmelman, "11 Months in the Bath of Dirty Spirits"

Tempest, Stygia and Shadowlands: these, combined with
the Far Shores, make up the realms of the Restless Dead.
Collectively known as the Deadlands or Underworld, these
define the boundaries of most wraiths' existence.

The Far Shores are the farthest removed from the lands of

the living. Existing across the Sunless Sea from Stygia's iron

towers, they offer a buffet of heavens and hells to any wraith
brave and cunning enough to reach them. Shaitans and saviors
a-plenty can be found there, as well as cunningly constructed


replicas of every afterlife ever imagined. All are shams, though,
according to the monolithic Hierarchy of Stygia, which has
forbidden organized traffic across the Sunless Sea.

Beneath that nighted ocean boils the endless storm of
the Tempest, in which Spectres roam hungrily. There are is-
lands of safety in this howling eternal Maelstrom; Stygia, capi-
tal of the empire of the dead, rests in one such oasis. At the
heart of the storm exists a titanic Labyrinth, gnawed from the

stuff of Oblivion by the monstrous Spectres called Malfeans.
At the core of the Labyrinth is the mouth of the Void:
Oblivion itself, the maw of entropy. Few wraiths, if any, have

gazed upon that and returned to tell of it. Even Spectres fear
it, though it is their master.

There are safe pathways through the storm as well, By-
ways leading from Stygia to the ruined grandeur of the
Shadowlands. Superimposed on the lands of the living (also
known as the Skinlands), the Shadowlands are full of memo-

ries and echoes given form. A Shroud born of disbelief sepa-
rates the Shadowlands from the Skinlands, but wraiths can still

see through it, dimly, to the living world they've left behind.
Obviously, this geography doesn't correspond to Heaven,
Hell or any afterlife with which the masses of the living are
familiar, and most wraiths find their arrival in the Deadlands
to be something of a disappointment. The fact that a vast
majority of mortals who die never appear in the Underworld
lends credence to the notion that the Deadlands are a sort of

Purgatory, a way station on the way to something better — or
worse. More wraiths hold this view than any others, believ-
ing that they are "doing time" in the Underworld until they're
ready for the next step. Of course, this doesn't say much for
those wraiths who have dwelt in the Underworld for hun-
dreds or even thousands of years, and if queried privately, most
wraiths would admit to preferring this "Purgatory" to what-
ever lies beyond. After all, here they can at least touch the

lives and loved ones they knew... almost.

Wraith Characteristics

Being a wraith does come with certain innate advantages.
All wraiths, by virtue of their ghostly nature, possess the fol-

lowing abilit

e Deathsight — Existing on the far side of the grave,
wraiths see the world through coffin-colored glasses. Build-
ings appear to be tumbling down, plants are withered and sere,
cars look to be dented wrecks years before their time and
people close to death bear a corpse's pallor. Wraiths can see
how deeply things — and people — have been tainted with

the touch of Oblivion. While this may seem to be a draw-

back, it does allow wraiths to assess an object's weaknesses or

the general health of a living being.

¢ Lifesight — Just as they can see the death in beings,
wraiths can also see the life in them as well. This ability takes
the form of being able to read the auras of living (or at least

animate) beings, the swirling veils of color that surround all
things. As auras change color from moment to moment ac-
cording to the mood and health of the beings generating them,
wraiths can often determine the current mood, health and
state of mind of someone just by looking at her.

¢ Sharpened Senses — All wraiths have an extraordi-
nary sensitivity to sensory input. Hearing whispers and
reading the fine print present no problems to any wraith.
Among other uses, this can handy for reading license plate
numbers, eavesdropping on secretive conversations and de-
tecting the first whiff of gasoline as an arsonist starts to
employ his tools on a Haunt. On the other hand, bright
lights, loud noises and other excessive stimuli can be ex-
traordinarily uncomfortable for Restless, dazzling, stunning
or even hurting them.

¢ Insubstantiality — At once the great blessing and the
great curse of wraithly

xistence, insubstantiality is what al-
lows wraiths to pass through solid objects with a minimum of

difficulty. By expending a small amount of Corpus, wraiths

can walk through walls, people or bullets with ease.

The Shadow

I'll hurt you ‘til you need me.

— Richard Thompson, "Calvary Cross"

Each wraith carries her own worst enemy with her, and
it dwells in the back of her mind. Upon crossing the Shroud,
a soul's darker side takes on a separate identity and seeks
every opportunity to exercise its malevolent will. While part
of the same mind and soul, the Shadow (as this sentient
malice is called) maintains an independent, malign exist-
ence within the wraith's head. Selfish and sadistic, the
Shadow will wheedle and cajole, bribe and threaten its bet-

ter half. It can offer power, or use its unique gifts (called
Thorns) to make its other side (called the Psyche) more pli-
able to its seductive suggestions.

No matter how pleasant the Shadow's offers are, how-
ever, they all lead toward one goal: the wraith's ultimate
destruction. The Shadow is the self-centered, self-destruc-
tive side of every wraith's personality, the death wish given
a voice and a will. The Shadow is all about taking the easy
way out, doing what feels good at the moment and to hell
with the consequences. To the Shadow's way of thinking,
utter annihilation is preferable to paying the piper, and the
screams of the Psyche on that last long downhill slide are
the sweetest music imaginable.

Ofall the conflicts that a wraith faces, her struggle with

Y
q

Y

——

her own Shadow is the most vicious and terrible. There is

no respite from the voice whispering in her ear, no cessation
of hostilities possible. The greatest triumphs a wraith
achieves and the worst defeats that she suffer will come on
the battlefield of her own soul.

More about the Shadow can be found in Chapter Six.

RSS

AUNT

ew dy

Tete ol his

To all things, there is an ending. Most wraiths eventu-
ally succumb to Oblivion, perhaps serving a tour of duty as a
Spectre first or simply being swallowed by the Void. It is
against the inevitable downward pull of Oblivion, the gentle
gravity of nothingness, that most wraiths struggle. Fear of
Oblivion is why the Restless cling so tightly to their Fetters,
for while Fetters may tie a wraith to earth, they also anchor
her against Oblivion. Most wraiths believe that Oblivion is
their inevitable end, and there is nothing to their existence
in the Shadowlands save the struggle against non-existence.

Some wraiths, however, believe there is another end-
ing possible. They speak of Transcendence, an ascent into a
higher state of being. Yin to Oblivion's yang, it is the delib-
erate surrender of self as opposed to the destruction of per-
sonality that Oblivion represents. To Transcend, one must
resolve one's Fetters, and leave the trappings of life behind.

Of course, the doctrine of Transcendence would prob-
ably have more adherents if anyone knew what the process
actually entailed. After all, no one who has supposedly
Transcended has ever returned to share his experience.
There are stories, of course, of wraiths taken up to Para-
dise in beams of pure white light. Then again, there are as
many tales that say the whole thing is a sham, concocted
by Spectres, that funnels the "Transcending" wraith into
the Void. In any case, most wraiths are far too timid to
abandon their Fetters willingly, and so Transcendence re-
mains a dream and a rumor for them. Still, it provides some-
thing invaluable in the Shadowlands. Even among those
who prefer the devil they know to the Transcendence they
don't, the very mention of the word can inspire hope.

At the Heart of Things

At the heart of Wraith are passion and horror, inex-
tricably intertwined. Passion is what refuses to allow a
wraith to rest easily in her grave, what fuels her post-
mortem existence and gives her the strength to resist
Oblivion and her own Shadow. Without the passions to
do, to protect, to avenge — somehow, to act — a wraith is,
at best, a memory. Without passion, a wraith is nothing.

Balancing the power of passion is that of horror. The
cry of every prisoner has always been, "You can break my
body, but my soul is my own!" In the Underworld, that
dichotomy no longer exists. The spirit can be broken, or
forged, or shaped at a whim. Unbounded by physics and
biology, creatures from nightmare are an everyday thing
here. Wraiths can deliberately shape themselves into mon-
strosities if it suits their purposes, and abuses of the Arcanoi
allow for violation of both body and soul. Even passion,
the driving force of a wraith's existence, can become twisted
in the hands of the Shadow, working as avidly toward de-

4 Wraith: The Oblivion

struction as toward preservation. In the world of Wraith,
both the living and the dead have much to fear.

Passion and horror, love and fear, action and destruc-
tion — these dichotomies collide in Wraith. Passion with-
out horror to overcome is wasted; horror that does not in-
spire passion is weak indeed. Between the two and bound
up in them are the Restless Dead.

Lexicon

A new existence calls for new terms with which to de-
scribe it. Below are some of the phrases and names used to
define Underworld existence.

Agency, The: Slang for the bureaucracy of the Hierarchy.

Angst: The negative mental energy that the Shadow (and
Spectres) feed upon and use.

Arcanos: One of the supernatural abilities that wraiths
possess, allowing them to affect the living and the dead. Plu-
ral is Arcanoi.

Arcanum, The: A collection of scholars and ghosthunters
among the Quick.

Arisen: Wraiths who have Transcended.

Artifact: An object in the Underworld that has unusual
powers of some sort.

Body Snatcher: A wraith who possesses the living.

Boo Job: A premeditated attempt to scare the Quick.

Boojum: A nasty critter, usually one of the unidentified
denizens of the Tempest.

Byway: A stable path through the Tempest.

Caul, The: The amniotic sac of a wraith's birth into the
Shadowlands. The translucent covering made from ectoplasm
with which all wraiths are reborn.

Charon: Founder and ruler of the Hierarchy, missing since
1945.

Circle: A group of wraiths, usually engaged upon
common business.

Citadel: The central building and stronghold of a
Necropolis.

Cohort: A Circle composed of Hierarchy-affiliated
wraiths. Cohorts are supposed to have 10 members.

Consort: A living person attuned to be used as a Host.

Corpus: The "body" of a wraith. Plural is Corpora.

Cult: An unflattering name for one of the countless
Heretic sects.

Deathlord: One of the seven wraiths currently ruling
the Hierarchy. Each has dominion over the victims of a
certain sort of death (i.e., violence, pestilence, mystery,
etc.).

Dictum Mortuum: Charon's decree forbidding traffick-
ing with mortals.

Domain: Territory held by a wraith or a Circle of wraiths.


Doomsday: The day when Oblivion swallows everything;
conversely, the day when the Shadowlands and Skinlands merge.
Doomsday features prominently in many Heretic cults' philoso-
phies, even if no two Heretics can agree as to what exactly it is.
Doomshade: A Spectre.
Doomslayer: A wraith who specializes in hunting Spectres.
Drone: The shell of a wraith, doomed to endlessly re-
peat a single task until claimed by Oblivion. Drones have

no mind or will.

Enfant: A wraith just reborn into the Underworld, usu-
ally encased in a Caul.

Far Shores, The: The lands across the Tempest, supposedly
corresponding to Heaven, Hell and more.

Fetters: Those things that remain in the lands of the liv-
ing that tie a wraith to her old life.

Freewraith: A wraith who is not actively serving in the
military.

Gang: A Circle of Renegades.

Guild: One of the supposedly banned organizations of
Freewraiths dedicated to the study and use of one of the
Arcanoi. There were 13 Greater and three Lesser Guilds.

Harrowing, The: A sleigh-ride through the worst side of
a wraith's subconscious, courtesy of his Shadow and the Spec-
tres of the Tempest. More than one wraith has been destroyed
during a Harrowing.

Harvesting: The act of cutting Enfants free from their
Cauls and initiating them into the Shadowlands. Many Har-
vesters are actually slavers, and the initiation they offer con-
sists of a pair of manacles linked by Stygian steel chains.

Haunt: A place where the Shroud is thin and the Restless
feel at home.

Hierarchy, The: The monolithic bureaucracy of the
Dark Kingdom of Iron, a.k.a. the Empire of Stygia. At this
point, the Empire and the Hierarchy have become inter-
changeable in most wraiths' minds. The Hierarchy is the
largest collection of Western wraiths in the Underworld.

Heretics: Religious fanatics among the dead, though
many bizarre religions have sprung up among the Restless.
Most Heretics have some sort of central belief based around
the notion of Transcendence.

Hell: Supposedly, a place of punishment for wicked souls.

In the Underworld, a joke of the first order; there are so ma:
false hells that they've become something of a tourist attrac-
tion for the more adventurous among the dead.

Host: A living person possessed by use of the Arcanos
Puppetry.

Isle of Sorrows, The: The island in the Tempest which
the city of Stygia is built upon.

Juice: Pathos.

Legacy: Archaic way of referring to a very potent Fetter.

25

Chapter One: introduction

Legions: The military and police of Stygia, though tech-
nically every Stygian citizen owes allegiance to one of the
a Deathlord.

Legions. Each Legion is overseen by

Lemure: A young wraith, recently deceased but no longer
an Enfant.

Maelstrom: The terrifying storms that sweep from the
mouth of the Void out over the Shadowlands, bearing Spec-

tres and destruction in their wake. Growing more frequent in
recent years, they either herald or are the result of horrific
events in the Skinlands.

Meat: Mortal flesh.

Mitty: A wraith whose deepest regret is not having lived

while Ne hadith chance. Mittys are surprisingly common.

Moleman: Wraiths who claim to have experienced the
stereotypical "tunnel of light." The term is not considered to
be a compliment.

Necropolis
regions of cities of the Quick most thickly inhabited by wraiths.
Plural is Necropoli or Necropoleis.

A city of the dead. Also used to specify the

Nihils: Rips in the fabric of the Shadowlands, tearing
through the surface reality and exposing the surging Tempest
beneath. Some Nihils lead down to the Labyrinth.

Oblivion: The manifestation and hunger of entropy, also
known to some as the Great Unmaking. Oblivion is the final
fate of all things in the Underworld, save those who Tran-

Wraith: The Oblivion

scend. The physical manifestation of Oblivion is called the
Void, and it opens upon the heart of the Labyrinth.

Obolus: The Stygian base unit of currency, forged from one soul.

Onyx Tower: Charon's palace, now abandoned

Pathos: Pure emotion, which wraiths feed upon and use
in their daily existences. The usable essence of passion.

Plasm: The physical matter of the Underworld. Wraiths,
relics and Artifacts are all made of plasm.

Projectors: Visitors to the Underworld from the
Skinlands. Also known as Skinboys.

Quick, The: The living.

Reaper: A wraith who removes an Enfant's Caul

Relic: The memory of an object, made from plasm.

Renegades: Wraiths who stand opposed to the Hierar-
chy. They have no structure, organization or unified goal other
than rebellion. Renegades range from true freedom fighters
to the ghosts of ruffians looking for an easy afterlife.

Restless, The: Wraiths in general. Also known as the
Restless Dead.

Risen: A wraith who has found a way to reanimate her
corpse. Most wraiths believe Risen to be legendary.

Shadow, The: The darker side of a wraith's personality.

The Shadow is selfish, egocentric and sadistic, and directs its
efforts toward destroying all the wraith loves (including the
wraith himself).


Shadowlands, The: The ghostly Feats just across the
Shroud from the lands of the living.

Skinlands, The: The lands of the living.

Slumber: The healing sleep that wraiths can indulge in.

Soulfire: Crystals of concentrated Pathos, used in
soulforging.

Spectre: A wraith whose Shadow has achieved perma-
nent dominance. Spectres serve Oblivion. Also known as the
Shadow-Eaten.

Stormrunning: Taking a shortcut across the Tempest, as
opposed to using a Byway.

Stygia: The Dark Kingdom of Iron, the largest organiza-
tion of wraiths in the Western world. Also the capital city of
the empire of the Western Restless.

Tempest, The: The great storm of the Underworld, sepa-
rating the Shadowlands from Stygia and the Far Shores.

Thrall: A wraith who is in service to another. In essence,
a slave.

Tithe: The amount of Pathos a wraith draws froma Haunt \

or Fetter. a
Transcendence: The moment whena wraith reconciles Shadow
and Psyche, moving on to a higher (?) existence. Transcendence
is considered legend by most wraiths, and feared by many others.

Underworld, The: The realms of the dead, from the Far
Shores to the Shadowlands and including Stygia, the Tem-
pest, the Labyrinth and the Void.

Veinous Stair: The passage from the heart of Stygia into}
the Labyrinth.

Void, The: The abyss at the heart of the Labyrinth.

Wraith: A ghost, a spirit who retains such strong attach- 4)

ments to the lands of the living that she cannot move past)
this level of existence. Also called the Restless.


Reaping

I'm still lying on the ground
with my head twisted to. one'side
as | listen tothe wind. It roars like
a hurricane in my ears, but I cant
feel the slightest sensation of it‘on
my body.

That is, if 1 even have a body!

T close my eyes tightly and
stare into the swelling darkness,
trying to remember exactly what
happened. My mind is flooded
with fragmentary images and vague
memories that I cant even begin
to piece together.

One of the sharpest images,
though — and the onc that makes
the least sense — is of a hooded
figure Ieaning over me. The fea-
tures of the person's face are lost
in shadow. I remember feeling
more than secing his gaze as it
burned into me. And | remember
how oddly my vision was dis-
torted, as if 1 were lying on my
back underwater, looking up at the
faint glow of the sky above the
water's surface. Everywhere |
looked, hazy blobs of light shim-
mered and shattered into warped
curtains of cnergy. Everything, | re-

menibes, was suffused with a dark,

dense haze until — somehow —
this figure did something to me to
make that haze disappear.

I feel a faint stirring of fear,
and this memory is soon lost. J
recall a moment of pain, as if.a
layer of my skin were being peeled
from my face.

I'm positive that this cloaked
figure spoke to me, although [cant
remember anything he said. I'm not
sure I want to remember. Just think-
ing about it fills me with a cold,
clutching'dread.

It takes a great deal of effort,
but I finally manage tosit up. Hug-
ging my knees tightly with both
arms, I look up and down the
street, trying to figure out where I
am, but nothing looks familiar.

The wind blows with a loud,
flute-like whistle. The buildings
fining both sides of the street are
dark and threatening. Gaping win-
dows and shadowed doorways seem
to hold menaceé, in their black
depths. The summer night had
been warm, the airclose and sticky
with humidity, but now I have ab-
solutely no sensation of tempera-
ture. Even the air feels strangely

nevtral-and,,.distant.

at

My sense of time secms dis-
torted as well. ] have no idea how
Jong ago it was that I was standing
on the bridge, looking down into
the river. It could have been min-
utes ago or days ago...It could have
been an entire lifetime ago.

Is that it? Am I dead? I won-
der for a minute, but quickly dis-
miss the idea.

My conception of what deathvis
like didnt include self-awareness. 1
had always imagined death to be pure.
total oblivion, and that's what I had
been seeking tonight.

Oblivion:

The single word, spoken as if
bya different voice inside my head,
fills me with such dread that I'cant
resist the odd sensation that I've
been removed from reality, that —
somehow — I am floating outside
of existence in a bubble and look-
ing in.

"What the hell is going on
here?" I whisper, surprised by the
taw sound of my own voice.

T stand up slowly and brush my
hands together. They make a faint
clapping sound that echoes oddly in
the night. I frown as I look down at
my hands. can feel them touching


cach other, but even so simple a sen-
Sation as rubbing them together
feels strangely dissociated, as
though I'm touching things through
: _ thick, padded gloves.

A lonely ache fills me when I
realize that I dont recognize where
Be, | Lam. It ccrtainly'doesat look like
4 anywhere near East Bridge Street:
It is still night, I'm sure of at
| Jeast that much, but I have no way
a _ of knowing whether or not it's the
same night when I had chosen to

an

90 for a walk to the bridge.
e:

~The light from the streetlights

hg

fining the road fragments into gauzy
fa blue and purple beams that cast
Bo ranitiple ink-wash-thin shadows
across the ground. The night sky
Jooks close and dense, like a low-
nk hanging fog bank.

When I raise my hand to my

‘forehead, the multiple shadows
» myarm cast on the street coil like

es, ‘yey
> anest of writhing snakes at my

step forward, but the effect of the
several shadows that I cast mov-
ing along with me completely dis-
orients me, and I lose my balance
and almost fall.

Bracing myself, I look around
and see that | am standing in the
middle of a debris-strewn strect in
what looks like an abandoned city.
Everywhere 1 look, I see signs of
decay. I catch subtle hints of mo-
tion in the shadows, but whenever I
look directly at. them, I cant see
what might have caused them.

A cold, clammy sensation slith-
ers up my back to the base of my
skull. I can't shake the feeling that,
unseen in the darkness, eyes are
watching me, studying my every
move. I want to start walking just
to be doing something, but I have
no idea which way to turn until
hear the soft scuff of feet on the
pavement behind me.

Tpwhirl around and see a dark

figure slowly making its way to-

\\
Ry)

ward me. The silhouette is stooped
and frighteningly familiar. One leg
— the left one — drags behind as
though he is partially paralyzed.
The light from. the streetlights

highlights his features, casting the
hollows of hisscheeks and neck
into deep shadow.

As the figure approaches, | can
see that it is aman — or at least what
had once been a man. His features
appear 10 be decomposing. White flaps
of decaying skin hang from his fore-
head and checks, and sway with every
halting step he takes.

"Stop right there," I say, sur-
prising myself by the strength in my
voice.

The figure jerks to a halt,
leans over to'one side, and glares
at me. The streetlight catches his
right eye, making it glow with an
eerie gleam.

"Til'do whatever I like," the
man says: "I sure as hell dont need

you telling me."



The flower that smiles today tomorrow dies
— Percy Bysse Shelley, "Mutability"

he world of Wraith is not our world.
pM) Rather, it is what we are afraid our world
j| could be. All that is beautiful and all that
|) is terrible stand out in greater contrast
to the humdrum of everyday life. Faith,
hope and love are potent forces in the
world, but greed, terror and despair are
stronger, and their taint can be found both in the headlines
and behind the scenes. Wraith's world is a World of Dark-
ness, a world where the sun hurries below the horizon so
that the ghosts and monsters can come out to play.

In many ways, the World of Darkness is familiar. The same
television shows still command millions of viewers; the same pollut-

ants still give sunsets their brilliant colors; and all of the old land- ©
marks remain in place. In the World of Darkness, however, the

mystery and madness beneath the surface can be glimpsed more

clearly. The influence of the supernatural is omnipresent, and even
the dullest and most insensitive can feel its workings.

Certainly, this ambiance of dread is in part due to the
nearness of the Underworld, the lands of the dead. The ech-
oes of the Shadowlands can be heard in the lands of the liv-
ing, and echoes of dead things can be potent indeed.

This chapter describes in detail the world of Wraith.
Everything from the cosmology of the Underworld to the
politics of the isle of Stygia is here, granting you a first look
at the geography, culture and history of the lands of the dead.

Chapter Two: Setting 31


There are sacraments of evil as well as of good about us,
and we live and move to my belief in an unknown world, a place
where there are caves and shadows and dwellers in twilight.

— Arthur Machen
e would feel right at home in the
4| Gothic-Punk world of Wraith, at least
@\ at first. We'd recognize all of the city
| names, all of the bestsellers and politi-
| cians, and far too many of the head-
lines. The longer we stayed, however,
the more differences we'd notice. Cit-
ies in the World of Darkness are dirtier and more laby-
rinthine, their pristine skyscrapers reaching higher above
the faceless poor. It is a film noir world, where even the
detectives standing under the streetlamps aren't comfort-
able — or safe.

The physical nature of this new world is best described
as "Gothic" in the classic sense. Gargoyles and statuary
are everywhere, and the impression of age lingers in the
air. Things don't want to change in the World of Dark-
ness, perhaps because there are beings in the shadows who
don't want them to change. Bureaucracies are even larger
and more impersonal; faceless men and women run too
many lives from behind identical suits and sunglasses. Su-
perstition runs rampant and threat seems omnipresent.

On the other hand, the irrepressible "Punk" element
threatens to smash all of the Gothic edifices. Counter-
culture here is violent, anarchy rules the streets, and
crime isn't even newsworthy. Aggression and rebellion
go hand in hand in the cities, and under overcast night
skies the neon lights of the underground clubs promise
forgetfulness.

It is a world halfway to being a ghostland, but only
halfway. Wraiths can step fully into this realm only
briefly, but its misery and pain calls to and feeds them.
This is an existence that the dead can always watch, but
only rarely touch.

Of course, each troupe will have its own preferences
as to which way it balances the Gothic and Punk ele-
ments of the World of Darkness. Somber Gothic archi-
tecture and clandestine meetings among the gargoyles
might suit one troupe's taste; another might prefer run-
ning in the wake of a street gang and reveling in the
destruction they wreak together. The Storyteller has her
choice of the entire spectrum, moving from one extreme
to the other as she sees fit. So long as the unearthly
mood, so important to a good ghost story, is maintained,
the details hardly matter.

Wraith: The Oblivion

The place is not good for the imagination, and does not bring
restful dreams at night.

— HP. Lovecraft, "The Colour Out of Space"
pee @) he lands of the dead, consisting of the
Far Shores, the Tempest (and all things
within it), Stygia and the Shadowlands
are collectively known as the Under-
world. Technically the other so-called
b4| Dark Kingdoms, those afterlives popu-
lated by the dead of Asia, Africa, India
and other places are also part of the Underworld, but as
they have little to do with the night-to-night existence of
most Stygian wraiths, they tend to fall under the heading
of "out of sight, out of mind." When a Western ghost refers
to the Underworld, he generally doesn't mean the Chinese
or Polynesian Deadlands.

« yt « 4 '
Annbiance: Spitting in Oblivion Eye

Existence in the Underworld can be horrific, yet
wraiths cling to it with undying passion. The landscape of
the Shadowlands is filled with tumble-down dreams and
decayed memories, yet in the dreams and emotions of the
living, wraiths can still find the strength they need to re-
sist Oblivion's pull. The potential for undying horror ex-
ists in the Deadlands, but so does the potential for undy-
ing love, or for spiritual fulfillment that life didn't offer.
Despair is common here, and with good cause, but even in
the lands of the dead there are some who dare to hope, to
resist, and to dream.

Oblivion

The passive, patient aspect of destruction, Oblivion
is a part of the natural order of things. It waits for all
things when they break down; everything must die even-
tually, in order to make way for new things to be born.
When kept in check by the forces of creation, Oblivion
is an essential part of the cycle of death and rebirth. Mind-
less and eternal, Oblivion has always waited to swallow
those souls no longer Fettered to the Skinlands but not
ready for Transcendence.

These days, however, it would seem that Oblivion
rages unchecked. Its pull strengthens daily as its appetite
for souls increases. Its presence mars the Underworld and
the Skinlands to an unprecedented degree, and its tainted
touch is everywhere. In the form of Spectres it has more
and more servants among the dead, and they ride more
and more frequent Maelstroms to make war upon the Rest-
less. Simply put, Oblivion is growing and no one is sure


why. Most wraiths resolve to fight the encroaching cor-
tuption; too many surrender to it.

Supposedly there will come a day when Oblivion swal-
lows everything. Quaintly known as Doomsday, this day is
dreaded by all wraiths and eagerly anticipated by all Spectres.
With Doomsday comes the end, so they say, of everything,
both for the living and the dead.

Souls: Building Blocks of the Underworld

The economy and society of the Underworld are both built
on souls. Most objects in the Underworld are made of memo-
ries; the remainder are composed of smelted or reshaped souls.
Currency consists of coins forged from souls; these oboli are said
to moan in the hands of those who possess them.

As souls are the basis of the economy, they are regarded a
less as individuals than as resources. Slavery is a booming busi- Mi Ti ig $ 1
ness in the Shadowlands, based not on color or creed, but on leh 7

the simple proposition that the strong enslave the weak be-
cause they can. Reapers enthrall as many new, defenseless

wraiths as they are able, while mindless Drones are regarded as
a bonanza of riches by a Harvester lucky enough to come across
them. Enslaved wraiths are then marched off to the Thrall

markets or, if they are unlucky, to the soulforges.

It is an inhumane system, and a horrifying one. There are
those wraiths who claim that even soulforged or Moliated
wraiths are still aware and suffer endlessly; even the possibility
of this is regarded as unthinkable by most wraiths. However,
the system persists. It has been in place too long, and there are
too many wraiths who have too much to lose if the soulforging
trade ends. Besides, there are justifications: soulsteel is needed
to stand against Oblivion; souls that are smelted or Moliated
into workaday objects are no longer in danger of feeding and
strengthening Oblivion; some believe that soulforging ham-
mers the Shadow out of a wraith; and so on. Still, the strongest
reason for the practice's continuation is a simple one: no alter-
native exists. And so the Harvesters still bring their prey home
in chains, and the soulforges still echo with the screams of the

condemned, and the borders of the Citadels are still lit with
Thralls reshaped into blazing torches.

Trading in Souls

The vast majority of souls avoid the Underworld entirely.
Swallowed immediately by Oblivion or lifted into Transcen-
dence, they avoid the half-existence of wraiths. For those who
do become wraiths, however, their fellow Restless pose a threat
almost as great as Oblivion.

Objects in the Underworld are of two kinds: memories and
souls. Relics, objects that cross over from the Skinlands, are in
essence created by the emotional energy invested in them by the
living; a much-loved teddy bear or a single sock endlessly cursed
over will both reappear in relic form when thrown out or de-
stroyed. However, even with the best efforts of certain wraiths to


pick and choose what comes over the Shroud, the selection is
still haphazard, and notably slanted toward non-essential items.
For example, relic guns are common, but relic bullets are not.
Relic dolls abound, but relic girders or bulldozers are lamentably
scarce. In addition, most relics exist as solid state objects, dupli-
cating form but not function unless invested with Pathos. Arti-
facts, objects invested with special powers, sometimes arrive di-
rectly from the Skinlands, but infrequently. Thus, there is a need
for another source of inanimate objects, one that provides more
pliable and versatile materials. In other words, souls.

If a new Enfant is unlucky, he'll end up being Reaped by
a slaver. These Harvesters roam the Shadowlands, collecting
wraiths who are too weak, disoriented or foolish to defend
themselves. Wraiths who are enslaved (the technical term is
enthralled) will find themselves shackled with chains forged
from Stygian steel, and herded toward the nearest Necropolis
to be sold or smelted down. A fortunate few are simply sold
into an eternity of servitude as Thralls; the rest become raw
materials in the burgeoning Stygian economy.

Just about anything can be forged from souls: girders,
chains, weapons, furniture, etc. Those objects that require a
more delicate touch during creation are often created by
wraitl lled in the Arcanos Moliate, who can reshape Cor-
pus with a thought and a touch. Even the coins of the Under-
world are made from souls, with each obolus consisting of one
soul, hammered into a press.

Of course, not every soul is consigned to the forges. A mini-
mal amount of luck, combined with a modicum of brainpower,
will enable a wraith to elude the Harvesters until such time as
she is able to ward off their depredations. Many wraiths are
Reaped by friendlier guides into the afterlife; some even man-
age to free themselves from their Cauls. Furthermore, Stygian
law prevents the forging of any souls except Spectres, criminals
and Thralls. On the other hand, the definitions of "criminal"
and "Thrall" are conveniently loose for most Reapers to make
themselves a tidy profit. Short of Oblivion, there is no more
permanent doom for a wraith than soulforging, and most will
take their chances in the Void rather than in the forge.

The Construction of the Underworld

Known by many names but never mapped, the Underworld
does not exist as a "place" in the way that the living view geogra-
phy. Instead, it is a non-Euclidean nightmare to any who think
that a straight line is still the distance between two points. Even
most wraiths don't quite understand the nature of the realm in
which they dwell; they tend to resort to models of increasing
simplicity and inaccuracy in order to explain their surroundings.

Also known as the Dark or Low Umbra to some, the Un-
derworld is best understood as consisting of layers that, like C.S.
Lewis' mythical kingdom of Narnia, grow larger the further in
you go. The outermost one, called the Shadowlands, is identical
in location to the lands of the living. Anywhere the living go the


dead go as well, and only the metaphysical Shroud separates the
two. Theoretically, a wraith could walk from Canton, Ohio to
Canton, China without ever leaving the Shadowlands. All that
would be required would be patience and a good set of relic boots.

Existing just "below" the surface of the Shadowlands is the eter-
nal turbulence called the Tempest, a roiling, nightmarish storm that
has raged unceasingly for half a millennium. No matter where one
goes in the Shadowlands, the Tempest is no more than aslightrip in
the fabric of reality away. Indeed, the Tempest is best thought of as a
sort of hyperspace underlying the "reality" of the Shadowlands.

Snaking through this nightmare of a storm are paths of rela-
tive safety called Byways, leading from point to point within the
Shadowlands, or from the Shadowlands to the deeper realms. Travel
from point to point through the Tempest without resorting to a
Byway is also possible, and often is faster than taking one of the
winding safe paths. On the other hand, travelers in the storm are
exposed to its dangers, and the things that dwell within it.

In addition to safe routes through the Tempest, there are is-
lands of stability within the storm as well. The city of Stygia rests on

- one such island; the innumerable Far Shores rest on others. In these

places the Tempest is covered by a deceivingly placid ocean called
the Sunless Sea, across which soul-traffic once moved unceasingly.
Other islands of safety exist within the storm as well: Feng-tu, Swar,
the Sea That Knows No Sun, the Bush of Ghosts, and others, the
death-realms of other cultures and societies. Some have dealings
with Stygia, trading souls or waging war across the seas of the dead.

Deep within the storm is the fear-shadowed Labyrinth. No one
knows what the walls of this horrifying place are made from, though
the few explorers who have returned from wandering it report that
the very substance of the passages changes as one walks though.
Hospital corridors, mirrored mazes, sluggish flows of molten rock —
all can be found within the Labyrinth. Here, too, can be found the
slumbering Malfeans, the oldest and most potent Spectres.

At the very bottom of the Underworld rests the entrance to
the Void. Those who place the Void at the base of the Tempest do
so deliberately; entropy servesas gravity here, and Oblivion's mani-
festation exerts a pull on all things in the Tempest and its isles.
The Void is ultimate blackness and destruction, a yawning chasm
at the center of the Labyrinth. None who have entered the Void
have ever returned, though the fearful belief of some is that rein-
carnation awaits on the other side of destruction. Unfortunately,
evidence for this hypothesis is sadly lacking at the moment.

The Shadowlands

The stillbom twin of the lands of the living, the Shadowlands
correspond exactly to the Skinlands in terms of geography. A wraith
standing in Times Square in the Shadowlands is, in a sense, stand-
ing in Times Square in the Skinlands, and runs the risk of being

Everything that exists in the Skinlands exists in the
Shadowlands, more or less. The more emotion an object ora place
inspired in the living lands, the more concretely it appears in the

Deadlands, and buildings long gone in the Skinlands still rise on
the other side of the Shroud. At once beautiful and terrible, the
landscape of the Shadowlands is constructed of memories draped
like cobwebs over those places which yet stand in living lands.

Objects in the Shadowlands are irreducibly solid toa wraith, {i{F¥i

but things in the Skinlands are less so. A wall may initially pena
wraith into a room, but by expending a minimum of Corpus she
can walk right through it. A wraith may be able to reach out toa
paperweight or a pencil, but without the use of her Arcanoi she
cannot touch it. It is only the Shadowland echoes of these things,
once they are destroyed, that a wraith can affect directly.

What goes on in the Skinlands is plainly visible to wraiths in the 6 |

Shadowlands. They can watch TV or eavesdrop on board meetings
with ease, invisible and intangible. However, these perceptions ofthe £
Skinlands are often marred by the touch of death, as wraiths see the}
creeping decay in all things. Still, even the most Oblivion-tainted
among the living appear healthier and more vital than the lands be-
yond the Shroud, which are gray and somber with rotting majesty.

qhe Shroud

The barrier of disbelief and despair that separates the living

* lands from the Underworld, the Shroud is what divides death

from life. Spontaneously raised during the mysterious catastro-
phe called the Sundering, the Shroud is what limits the ways in
which wraiths can touch the Skinlands. The stronger the Shroud
is in a given place, the more difficult it is for a wraith to reach
through to the Skinlands there.

Strongest in places of disbelief and reason, the Shroud isnearly
impenetrable in places such as laboratories and lecture halls.Con-
versely, in places where belief and fear of death are strong, the
Shroud correspondingly weakens, and wraiths have more play in {
the lands of the living. Cemeteries and homes with troubled ado-
lescents are often places where the Shroud is particularly thin.

Also, there are certain nights when, worldwide, the Shroud weak- 9

ens. These are the nights when the living would be well-advised to. 0
stay indoors, forall over the world, the ghosts are coming out to play.

Hunts

Certain houses, like certain persons, manage somehow to pro-
claim at once their character for evil.
— Algernon Blackwood, "The Empty House"

Home sweet home for the dead, Haunts are places where

strong emotion has frayed the fabric of the Shroud thin. Here
the Shadowlands and Skinlands almost overlap; here are the
places that the living superstitiously call "haunted."

It is the darker emotions that wear through the Shroud
most easily, though strong love, hope or courage will do so as
well. Even so, Haunts tend to be found in places of despair,
desperation or sorrow. Graveyards, slums, battlefields, aban-
doned houses, prisons, nightclubs, lonely crossroads and treach-
erous curves all frequently serve as Haunts.

Chapter Two: Setting 35


Most Haunts are vigorously settled by a wraith or Circle
of wraiths and defended to the utmost; as wellsprings of emo-
tion and places of shelter, Haunts are hotly sought after. Visi-
tors are usually not welcome. Other wraiths prefer to use
their Arcanoi to wear on the Shroud, creating Haunts in
places of their choosing. Recently, some enterprising ghosts
have experimented with taking their Haunts online, though
whether or not they've succeeded is a matter of conjecture.

To the living, Haunts are most often grim and depress-
ing places. No one without severe mental disorders or a de-
pressed poet's mentality would voluntarily live in a Haunt.
Those few who try are generally driven out immediately,
unless the wraiths who own the Haunt prefer to keep the
living around as emotional fodder for their Passions.

Most Domains are centered around a single Haunt, and
the more potent the Haunt is, generally the larger the Do-
main around it. If pressed, wraiths will give up every inch of
the rest of their Domain before they give up their Haunt.
After all, it is both strength and shelter.

Stygia

The Eternal Necropolis of Stygia is the collection of all
of the dead dreams of empire mankind has ever wrought. As
Carthage and Gomorrah fell, their ghostly ruins were gath-
ered and brought to construct Stygia's courts and towers.
When Rome and Byzantium were sacked, their wreckage was
salvaged and brought to build Stygia ever higher. Jerusalem
and Paris, London and New York, every Imperial City that
ever was is echoed in the architecture of the capital of the
dead. Built upon the seven hills of the Isle of Sorrows, Stygia
the city and Stygia the empire have become synonymous.

Seen from the bottom, Stygia is a claustrophobic night-
mare. The weight of ages has pressed down upon the oldest
buildings, and Maelstrom and invasion have taken their toll.
Here the streets are cramped and dirty, and the overhanging
edifices are crushed beneath the weight of newer construc-
tions. Only the poor and the desperate can be found here,
amidst the wreckage of centuries.

The higher one goes in the city, however, the more astonish-
ing the view becomes. Newer buildings and better-preserved trea-
sures of antiquity are the norm. The Library of Alexandria can be
found here, and the shining palaces of the Deathlords. This is where
the wealthy and powerful among the dead dwell, in stunning con-
trast to the despair in the labyrinthine warrens below.

Bounded by a sea wall crafted from thousands of souls, the
city is home to millions more. The walls cannot contain all who
wish to dwell in Stygia, and so bridges have been cast across the
waters of the Sunless Sea to the Iron Hills, islands that rise from
the waters nearby. Secondary colonies and edifices occupy these
smaller isles, but even in the face of such overcrowding, some
buildings in Stygia stand empty. The Great Temple of the Fish-
ers, for example, and Charon's Onyx Tower are abandoned; even
among the dead they have unpleasant reputations.

36 Wraith: The Oblivion

qhe Tempest

To say only that the Tempest is the eternal storm of the
Deadlands is to be guilty of gross understatement. Eternally rag-
ing with a fury unthinkable in the lands of the living, the Tem-
pest is the raw fury that underlies all of the Shadowlands, sepa-
rating them from Stygia and the Far Shores. Inhabited by shriek-
ing Spectres and other, fouler things, it is a roiling sea of chaos
within which time, space and distance cease to have meaning.

The landscape of the Tempest is constantly changing; rains
of broken glass, noxious gases, eruptions of boiling pitch and
worse are common sights to travelers. Fragments of realities
and memories are constantly inflicted upon those who journey
through the endless storm, as each wraith who passes through
the Tempest leaves something of himself behind. Even those
souls who plummet directly to Oblivion upon death leave a
memory, a relic or a feeling floating in the storm, to be encoun-
tered by an unwary traveler at some later date.

Wraiths passing through the Tempest are often given revela-
tions, many of them unwanted. Visions of Fetters or other lives,
premonitions, glimpses of the Skinlands and other scenes will in-
trude on a wraith's consciousness as she navigates the darkness.

There are a few islands and strands of stability within the
Tempest. The former include Stygia itself, as well as the myriad
Far Shores and the other realms of the dead. Narrower paths
of relative safety are called Byways, and they stretch between
realms in the Underworld. Some connect disparate locations
in the Shadowlands while others stretch to Stygia or even
the Far Shores. Appearing as rivers or roads wending incon-
gruously through the storm, Byways offer relatively safe and
fast travel. The greatest Byway is known as the River of Death,
which supposedly winds its way across all of the Shadowlands
and even to the gates of the Labyrinth itself.

At the heart of the Tempest is the Spectre-haunted
maze of the Labyrinth, which according to legend was
gnawed from nothingness by Malfeans at the dawn of time.
At the very core of the Labyrinth, far worse than any
Minotaur could be, is the mouth of the Void, Oblivion's
embodiment. Few wraiths have gazed upon it and returned
to tell others of their impressions.

Nihil

Reality is not solid, particularly not in the Shadowlands.
The Shadowlands are constantly splintering and breaking, and
where the fabric of this part of the Underworld tears, the Tem-
pest bubbles through.

By strict definition, a Nihil is a rip in the Shadowlands,
allowing access to the Tempest beneath. Most Nihils are one-
time-only events, though many open and close on regular
cycles. Some few are permanently open; these are often heavily
guarded by whichever wraiths dwell nearby. Just as a Nihil

allows a wraith access to the Tempest from the Shadowlands,
it can allow dwellers in the Tempest a way out. Indeed,

The River of Death

The greatest of all Byways, the River of

Death supposedly touches on every point in
the Shadowlands. The River of Death has
many names, but most denizens of the Un-
derworld simply call it "The River." Wide and

meandering in places, rough and rock-strewn
in others, it leads inevitably through the Tem-
pest to the harbor of Stygia. Many Renegade
and Heretic groups have made their homes
on the River, whether along its banks or on
the islands that det its length. Spectres have
also been known to lurk along the River, in
greater and greater numbers in recent years.
Legionnaires in longboats and ghostly
triremes patrol the River's length looking for
outlaws such as these, but even the most hard
ened Centurions will defer to the River's true
guardians: the Ferrymen. More of these enig
matic travelers' rafts can be seen on the River

than anywhere else in the Underworld.

Doomslayers do some of their best hunting at the mouths of
Nihils in the Tempest; Spectres tend to cluster around such
openings in a sort of perverse fishing expedition for prey.

Nihils appear as pools of inky blackness in the
Shadowlands. They can open anywhere: elevator shafts, be-
neath rocking chairs, in cobwebbed corners or in the middle
of busy streets. Usually they are no more than a few inches
across, but some can be feet or even yards in diameter. Ru-
mors as to the strange powers of Nihils abound; some say that
staring into them causes hallucinations or strengthens the
Shadow. After all, the warning against gazing into the abyss
was issued long ago, in the lands of the living...

Maelstroms

Seen by some as the fist of Oblivion, Maelstroms are mon-
soons that boil up from the Tempest and wreak havoc through-
out the rest of the Underworld. These titanic storms also carry
within them hordes of Spectres who use the shrieking winds
as a sort of monstrous steed, riding them in order to make war

all

that lies before them: unprotected wraiths, isolated Haunts,

upon the Citadels and Necropoli. Maelstroms sweep away

everything. Citadels and strong Haunts can withstand the
assault, but pity any wraith caught outside the Citadel gates
when the winds from the Tempest start to howl.


Wraith: The Oblivion

qhe Veinous Star

Not quite a Nihil, the V
descends directly from the heart of Stygia
to the depths of the Labyrinth. Named for
s of bloody pink stone
that writhe within its black walls, the Stair
has been descended to its bottom only

inous Stair

the pulsing threé

once, by Charon, when he retrieved
Nhudri from imprisonment at Spectral
hands. Work-gangs of Thralls

Stair, mining de

bor on the
h ore for use in the
forges, but rarely has anyone dared.to go
more than halfway down. Who carved it,
and to what purpose, remains a mystery.

Being caught in a Maelstrom is akin to traveling through
the worst sections of the Tempest. Soot fills the air, anda wraith's
very Corpus is abraded away by the sandblasting force of the
winds. All is dark, if not pitch-black, and there is a constant
moaning cacophony from the beasts riding the storm. In many
ways, the Spectres are the storm, for until they are defeated,
the Maelstrom will not recede.

Skinlands disasters and Maelstroms have a peculiar cause-
and-effect relationship. One will inevitably cause the other,
though which comes first is open to debate. The detonation of
the atomic device over Hiroshima triggered the Fifth Great
Maelstrom, but a smaller Maelstrom can herald an incipient
catastrophe in the Skinlands, such as a building's collapse, a
hurricane or an earthquake.

Maelstroms are regarded as the grand units of time in Stygian
society. As the hours are counted by the tides of the Sunless Sea,
the years are numbered from the last Great Maelstrom. It is cur-
rently slightly more than a half-century since the Fifth Great
Maelstrom, and older wraiths have noted with concern that the

time between these monstrous storms is decreasing.

qhe far Shores

It is said that far beyond the mists of the Sea of Sorrows lie

thousands upon thousands of isolated island realms collectively
known as the Far Shores. Stygian history records that, long ago,
the Ferrymen known as the Shining Ones laid down Byways lead-
ing to each of these realms. Hope and faith drew wraiths to these
islesand since have continued to entice them, for these lands prom-
ise refuge from Oblivion as they model themselves on the Hells
vatis, Edens, Zions and Valhallas of countless

and Heavens, Sukha
cultures. The afterlives created for, and perhaps by, lost souls can
be found in every shape and size throughout the Far Shores.


Ultimately banking on the hope of release from suffering, the
beacons of Paradise, Nirvana, Purgatory and thousands of other faith-
based spiritual conditions shine brightly in the stories of most of the
few travelers who have sojourned there and back. These stories can
be heard not only in Stygia, but in other deathlands as well, for the
Byways to the Far Shores originate in the death realms of all peoples.

Notall the tales inspire confidence in the good intentions of
the Far Shores' leadership, however. Stories abound of tyrannical
leaders demanding unquestioning obedience of the faithful and
tormenting the "ungodly"; of forsaken wraiths manacled to each
other, locked up and long forgotten in tiny antechambers beneath
the ground, or thrown into the maws of unnamable creatures as

to the "gods"; of sadistic fanatics who encase themselves
and others in coffins of white-hot soulsteel to purge their iniqui-

sacrifice:

ties; and of seas choked with Spectre-harried aspirants waiting to
be admitted to their chosen island. Demonic beings, probably but
not certainly Moliated wraiths, torture victims by thrusting Stygian
steel stakes up through their spines and planting them in pools of
acid that bubble up from unknown places within the Tempest. For
many Stygian wraiths, even the bright promise of Transcendence
is not enough to entice them to these places.

Thousands upon thousands of wraiths inhabit the Far Shores
realms, often giving rise to the horrific stories of cruel overcrowd-
ing and complete loss of individuality that travelers tell on the
other side of the Sunless Sea. But the picture is not all bleak.
Breathtakingly beautiful island paradises host legions of pearly-
limned Angelics and angel-like wraiths. Usually, these beings
shelter the travel-worn from the Tempest, heal them and enjoin
them to remain. More rarely, they adopt weary travelers and teach
them the gentle ways of hope and Transcendence.

Ferrymen, Spectres, soul-pirates, slavers and strange crea-
tures from other realms also make their appearances throughout
the Far Shores isles. It is said that many Ferrymen still usher the
souls of the dead to their just destinations among the Far Shores,
and that some of the isles are nothing more than the Ferrymen's

Some hold that the Shining Ones who forged the
original Byways to the realms now rule many of the isles.

way station:

Tales of Spectres taking over the fanatical leadership of cer-
tain realms modeled after the various hells — and even those
modeled after the paradises — may indeed be true, as are the
rumors of a brisk slave trade conducted by soul-pirates under the
guise of religious recruitment and proselytizing. Soul-pirates of-
ten use Stygian Reapers as middlemen in obtaining Lemures for

sale as "converts" to various Far Shores realms.

Necropoli

In all human cities there's one part of town that, when
mentioned by the living, inevitably produces the reaction, "You
don't want to go there." Odds are, that's the local Necropolis.

A Necropolis is a city of the dead, a place where wraiths
gather and Nihils open more frequently. In the Shadowlands,
it is a teeming, bustling center of activity, as most of a city's
wraiths can be found here at some point during the day — or

night. To the living, however, the streets and crumbling build-
ings that correspond to the Necropolis are unwelcoming and
desolate, spotted with abandoned lots and filled with the cries
of scuttling rats and other vermin.

Most Necropoli can be considered colonies of Stygia, and
are part and parcel of the Hierarchy. Centered on a Citadel and
divvied up into Domains, Hierarchy Necropoli are relatively
stable places for the dead to dwell. Renegade Necropoli, on the
other hand, tend to be more along rough-and-tumble lines, where
any service can be purchased (for a price) and unwary wraiths
always run the risk of being enslaved or annihilated.

Domains

A Domain is defined as the amount of territory a wraith
or a Circle of wraiths can control. The Hierarchy does offi-
cially parcel out Domains in Necropoli, often marking the
borders of the territories controlled by the local Citadel with
immobilized Thralls Moliated into flaming torches.

qhe Other Deadlands

Stygia, also known as the Dark King-
dom of Iron, is hardly the only final des
tination for the Restless Dead. Other cul-
tures besides the Western have afterlives
and Underworlds, each as potent and real
as Stygia. Generically named "Dark King-
doms," these other realms are many and
varied, and most are so widely separated
from Stygia that few Western wraiths
even know of their existence.

Of those that are known, the Jade Em-
pire (known as the Yellow Springs to its
inhabitants) and the Dark Kingd
Ivory (a.k.a. the Bush of Ghosts) are the
ones with which the Hierarchy has the
most dealings. Each has mac

treaties with Stygia in the past, usually

om of

war on and

over the disposition of souls taken from

their ancestral lands.

Hidden within the Tempest are the
other Deadlands: Karta, the Sea that
Knows No Sun, Swar and more. Each re
flects the nature of death for a different
culture, and the laws that govern ghostly
existence in Stygia may function differ-

ently there, if they function at all.

Chapter Two: Setting 39
i Le Se

The Midnight Express

Screaming through the blackness of the
Stygian night, the Midnight Express is a convey-
ance like none other in the Underworld. Created
by the Ferrymen from the Artifact of a monstrous
steam locomotive, the Express is composed of hun-
dreds of linked railroad cars, most crowded with
wraiths seeking passage, employment or just a
place to do business away from prying eyes. The
cars themselvesare pulled from a cross-section of
locomotive history, their only common bond be-
ing that each was destroyed, violently

Th

each of its stops at precisely midnight local time,

Express, led by Engine #13, pulls into
though how it manages to do this at multip

stops in the same time zone is beyond most
wraiths' comprehension. Not all of the cars are
"there" at each stop;.a wraith wishing to disem-
bark at the New York Necropolis may find to his
horror that his car never arrives there, even while
the next car in the train is boarding ghostly pas-
sengers at Grand Central Station. The train does
stop all over Hierarchy territory, as well as in
Singapore and the Tempest. Special stops can

be requested, but there is a fee for such.

Unofficially, most wraiths claim the area around their
Haunts as their Domain (or "turf"), and can back it up de facto
if not de jure. While many of these Renegade Domains aren't
1 by the local Hierarchy authorities, most Legionnaires

recogniz

have the intelligence to go into them in force, or not at all.

Citadels

The largest and strongest Haunt in a Necropolis is called a

adel, and it serves much the same function as a medieval castle.
Strong points of defense against invasion and centers of commerce,
Citadels are the hearts and minds of their Necropoli. While most
Citadels don'tactually appear as castles or fortresses, they still stand
as barriers against assaults by Spectres, Renegades or Heretics.

inlands to an aban-

Usually a Citadel will correspond in the
doned warehouse or series of buildings, a strip mine, a dump or
some other expanse devoted to decay and destruction. In the
Shadowlands, however, Citadels are often fortified with relic beams

fj.) and timbers, or reinforced with soulforged buttresses and bricks.
adel is constructed with Maelstroms in mind; a Citadel

Every C
that can't survive the fury of the storm is no Citadel at all.

Wraith: The Oblivion

Most Citadels are held by the Hierarchy, and have a strong
presence from one or more of the Legions' military side. Theo-
retically, Hierarchy Citadels are exclusive to Hierarchy citi-
zens, but in the Shadowlands hard-and-fast rules can get con-
veniently blurry. After all, every hand that can hold a weapon
is welcome when the Spectres come calling. Renegade and Her-
etic wraiths are often allowed in Citadel gates for purposes of
commerce, if someone can be found to vouch for them.

There are Renegade and Heretic Citadels scattered
throughout the Shadowlands. Most are captured Hierarchy
Citadels refurbished by their new owners; others are raised in
areas so desolate and barren that it's not worth the Hierarchy's
effort to come knock them down,

The Restless

My head is heavy, my limbs are weary,
And it is not life that makes me move:

— Percy Bysse Shelley, "Death in Life: A Fragment"
assion stronger than death and perils that
make death seem tame: these are the ba-
| sics of life after death. In many ways it is
an existence of extremes. Ultimate de-
struction is the price of failure, but eter-
nal love and beatific Transcendence are
real possibilities as well

Life as a wraith, such as it is, can be a compendium of horrors.
Visions of the living are marred by death' touch, and even the freshest
bloom appears mottled by corruption. The Underworld itself is dreary

and deadening to the senses; bright color is rare here, save for the
ravenous flame of soulfire crystals or the blazing green of a Solicitor's

eye. Nor does all of this go unremarked upon, for the Shadow is

omnipresent and always willing to make a bad situation wor
Oblivion threatens without and within, and many wraiths find it
easiest simply to give up the struggle and let the Void claim them.
On the other hand, there are those who grasp the opportunity
of a second existence. Seeing themselves as given a second chance
to correct their mistakes in life, or perhaps just too stubborn to give
in to Oblivion, these wraiths make the most of their unliv

Friendship and love forever are often promised in the Skinlands,
but in the Shadowlands they can become real. Power and rich

"an.
be gathered by wraiths ruthless enough to make those ascents; spiri-
tual transformation is sought by many as well. The lands of the dead
beckon some to explore, as do the new realms of Tempest and Far
Shores that no mortals ever see. Gifted with the powers called
Arcanoi, Restless can spend centuries honing their skills, or using
them to interact with the living. Many wraiths frequently cross the
Shroud for a multitude of reasons. There are those who seek to fin-
ish business left unattended in life, or to protect those things and
people that they love. Other wraiths simply meddle, playing polter-
geist or invading mortals' dreams for the sheer thrill of it. Possession
of the Quick, vicariously sampling their joys and pleasures, isa popular


iN VE

pastime, while vengeance from beyond the grave is also some-
thing that the Restless practice — if they can get away with it.
And there is always the struggle against Oblivion and its min-
ions, a fight that some believe is for the sake of all creation. For
wraiths such as these, death is only the beginning.

Metaphysics

Wraiths are caught in a tightrope existence between life
and Oblivion, and their perspective reflects this. Just a
Shroud's thickness away from the lands of the living, they are
nonetheless eternally separated from those they loved. On
the other hand, each action, thought and word is a reaction
teady pull, shouting defiance into the Void.

against Oblivior
It is this balance between life and worse than death that the

Restless maintain, for as long as they are able.

Touching the Skinlands is something that most wraiths as-
pire to, no matter what the Dictum Mortuum commands. Doing
ence

so, though, is not always easy, as the nature of Restless e
makes reaching across the Shroud difficult. Objects in the
Skinlands have an odd sort of solidity to them as far as wraiths
are concerned; it is nearly impossible for a wraith to move a real-
world object, but for a minimal investment of Corpus, she can
simply discorporate and walk right through it. For example, if a
wraith attempts to push on the front of a parked car, her touch
will have no effect, and she will find herself unable to affect the
car in the slightest. On the other hand, if the car's parking brake

suddenly slips and the car rolls forward, it will proceed to pas
(nearly) harmlessly through her as she discorporates.

Of course, wraiths have long since discovered ways to

ertain

enforce their wills more concretely on the real world.
Arcanoi allow Restless to affect or even enter the
hence legends of poltergeists, apparitions and ghosts in the
machine. All of these phenomena can be traced to wraiths
extending their abilities across the Shroud.

inlands;

While very little in the real world can inflict lasting dam-
age on a wraith's Corpus, in the Underworld it's a very differ-
ent matter. Objects existing in the Skinlands can be passed
through or bounced off of, while things existing in the Un-
derworld (relics, Artifacts, other wraiths, etc.) are quite solid
to any ghost. A steel blade can whirr through the Corpus of a
wraith without causing lasting harm; a soulsteel sword in the
hands of a Legionnaire, on the other hand, can cleft a ghost
neatly in twain. Stygian steel (or other soulforged metals),
Artifacts, relics, other wraiths, Spectres, the dwellers in the
Tempest, even the spirit magic of the living: all of these can
affect a wraith concretely.

Passions and Fetters

Passions and Fetters are the things that define and main-
tain a wraith's existence. Ona basic level, Fetters are the things
in the Skinlands that a wraith cares about most deeply, while
Passions are the things that a wraith most wants to do.

Chapter Two: Setting 4]


\}
i

wy

Wed)
Vie

Fetters are what tie a wraith to the Shadowlands, giving him
anchors in the Skinlands that he can use to resist Oblivion's pull. It is
ina Fetter thata wraith can Slumber and heal, and often it is easier for
a wraith to use his Arcanoi near his Fetters. On the other hand, ifa
Fetter is damaged or destroyed, the effects can be catastrophic. Fur-
thermore, wraiths without Fetters cannot stay long in the Shadowlands,
and so every wraith will strive his utmost to guard his Fetters.
Passions are those dictates which a wraith follows in death,
the emotional imperatives that drive and fuel his existence. At its
core each Passion has an emotion; by following his Passion's dic-
tates (or by being in the presence of the feeling at the Passion's
heart), a wraith garners the energy called Pathos. Without Pathos,
a wraith's Arcanoi will not function, nor will he be able to heal.
Preventing a wraith from tending his Passions and Fetters, then, is
perhaps the worst slow torment that can be inflicted on a wraith.

Status and Society

Now that I am dead

My agent finally said

He wanted to have lunch with me.

—French, Frith, Kaiser & Thompson, "Now That I Am Dead"

It is almost sadly predictable to note that the dead, hav-
ing centuries to ponder the dilemmas and grand mysteries of
existence, instead throw themselves

| struc-

into rigid sc
tures, and spend a huge portion of their unlives making sure

ain

that the social niceties are properly maintained. Status in the
Restless community is based upon power, of course, but also
age, expertise in the Arcanoi, and freedom of movement. An
aged and potent wraith who maintains his Fetters and can
therefore return to the Shadowlands from Stygia is accorded
more respect than a wraith of similar power and vintage whose
Fetters are long since dust.

As the decades pass, a wraith can gradually acquire more
status among the dead, and social mobility between "ranks" is
reasonably common. On the other hand, the intense
cliqueishness of some wraiths (particularly the hidebound
Gaunts of Stygia) bears a stunning resemblance to the social
dynamics of a middle school recess, with wraiths refusing to
deal with other wraiths who aren't of the right age, power or
Arcanos specialty. It is the Stygian Gaunts in particular who
maintain the rigid social distinctions between Domem and
Gaunt, Enfant and Lemure, and Thralls and everyone else.

Social Status

Enfants — Enfants are the recently deceased who have
not yet acclimated to the Shadowlands. They are usually be-
tween a few days and a few weeks old, and are covered by a
Caul of plasm which keeps them in a semi-dreamlike state,
unable to see or hear fully what is going on. This Caul also
obscures the Enfant's thoughts and perceptions, so that her
first days of afterlife are a somnolent, confused haze of blurred


¢
images and half-remembered voices. Until her Caul is removed
by another wraith, the Enfant will be unable to see, hear or
think clearly. A lucky few wraiths manage somehow to re-
move their own Cauls, generally those Enfants who possessed
extraordinary willpower in their mortal days.

Drones — These are the wraiths most Skinlanders see at
the sites of hauntings. Without sentience or willpower, their
mortal identities lost to them, Drones are trapped at the site
of their death. They are unable to do more than endlessly
reenact their demise, robotically repeating their last moments
among the living. A Haunt populated by Drones is consid-
ered a gold mine by Reapers.

Thralls — These are among the most miserable wraiths in
existence, held in servitude to other wraiths. Some have been
captured and forced into slavery, while others have been sen-
tenced to Thralldom for crimes real or imagined. A few wraiths
have voluntarily sold themselves into Thralldom as a means of
paying their debts. Although such indenture should have only
a limited duration, many Thralls discover to their dismay that
this clause in their contracts is frequently ignored...

Thralls are usually manacled and may not travel freely
without their masters. Though some variants on the Code of
Charon forbid the mistreatment of Thralls, such abuses are
rarely reported or punished. A Thrall's Shadow often takes
sadistic pleasure at the torment the Psyche endures, and far
more Thralls are lost to Harrowings and the machinations of
the Shadow than are smelted down or freed.

Lemures — These are wraiths whose Cauls have been re-
moved and who still retain most of their Fetters. They are gen-
erally quite young in terms of their afterlives, and are consid-
ered to be immature and undisciplined by older, established
wraiths. Lemures make up the majority of wraiths encountered
in the Shadowlands, as most wish to stay close to their Fetters.

Domems — Domemsare wraiths who can no longer travel
freely to the Shadowlands, and thus are restricted to Stygia and
other such places of safety within the Tempest. Although most
Domems are older wraiths, a number of them might just as well
be Lemures, save for the fact that their Fetters no longer exist.
A wraith deceased only five years whose Fetters are all destroyed
in a fire will instantly acquire Domem status, as she will no
longer be able to maintain a presence in the Shadowlands. On
the other hand, these "whippersnapper" Domems are hardly
accorded the respect granted their elders.

The usual recourse of many Domems is to travel to Stygia
to work in the ever-expanding Hierarchy bureaucracy. Ren-
egades and Heretics don't have this option, and their transi-
tion to Domemhood can lead them anywhere from a full-time
search for Transcendence to the forges. "Domemizing" is a
popular tactic among certain Renegade gangs, whereby they
rid local Necropoli of their most competent or vicious offic-
ers by targeting and destroying their Fetters.

Gaunts — Old and powerful wraiths, Gaunts have man-
aged to maintain their Fetters, allowing them to travel into

the Shadowlands. The vast majority of Gaunts have also jour-
neyed deeply into the Tempest, possibly to the Far Shores or
even the Labyrinth. Feared and respected for their knowl-
edge and power, Gaunts wield influence in the society of the
dead disproportionate to their numbers.

Deathlords — This powerful body of wraiths was origi- |
nally created to become Charon's Senate, following the cus-
tom of the Roman Republic. With the recreation of Stygia as
an Empire, each Deathlord was given a Legion as his charge
and a throne from which to govern his subjects. Without
Charon's iron guidance, however, the Deathlords have fallen
into disorder, using their Legions to contest with each other 4 f
as each strives to declare himself the new Imperator of Stygia.
As the Deathlord with the most souls is naturally the most
powerful, the co-rulers of Stygia frequently meddle in mortal 4
affairs to encourage greater numbers of deaths in whatever (\j
manners will swell the ranks of their own Legions. (

*
Reapers

A Reaper can be an Enfant's best friend or worst nightmare,
depending upon circumstance. Technically, a Reaper is a wraith
who cuts another wraith free from his Caul, facilitating his "birth"
into the Shadowlands. Many are kind souls looking to ease the
transition that new Enfants are making; others are recruiters for
Heretic cults, Hierarchy Legions or Renegade gangs. These sorts
of professional (and amateur) Reapers tend to treat their charges
well, indoctrinating them in the laws of the Underworld and
helping them adjust to existence beyond the Shroud.

Other Reapers are less kind. Slavemasters of the dead,
they Reap new souls in order to sell them off to the highest
bidder in the markets of the Necropoli. Souls are the cur-
rency and raw materials of the Underworld, and for many
slavetaking Reapers, harvesting Enfants and throwing them }
into chains is strictly a business proposition. ,

Reapers are often found jockeying for position in places
like hospitals, prisons or retirement homes. More enterpris-
ing ones like to ride ambulances, while those gifted with the
Arcanos Fatalism show an uncanny knack for being in the jf
right place at the right time. Reapers will constantly seek to}
establish claims in places that yield rich troves of souls, and}
when such wealth is at stake, violence is hardly uncommon.

Grave Goods

You earth, may you now keep the earls' possessions, now that
heroes could not.

— Beowulf, S.A.J. Bradley, trans.

Death can't remove the innate human hunger for mate-
tial possessions. Just because wraiths can't touch the objects
they once owned doesn't mean that they no longer want to,
nor does it prevent them from attempting to acquire wealth
on the other side of the Shroud. Even the dead have a thriv-
ing economy, though mutual funds and stock options play no

Chapter Two: Setting 43

part in it. Rather, it isan economy of souls and relics, the two
things which can be held in the Underworld.

The vast majority of objects in the Underworld are made
from souls by one of two processes. Unlucky wraiths — Thralls,
criminals, Spectres and those who are simply unfortunate —
are sent to the soulforges, to be hammered into the coins,
blades and other implements of night-to-night existence.
Sometimes these smelted souls are mixed with what has been
termed "death ore," material mined from the Veinous Stair,
creating specialized materials for construction or warfare.

Other victims are given to those skilled in the Arcanos
Moliate, to be crafted into torches, furniture or other necessi-
ties of afterlife existence. The breakdown between the two
forms of transformation is simple; anything that would have
been metal or stone in the Skinlands is replaced by soulforged
objects, while things whose Skinlands equivalents are wood
or softer materials are made through Moliate.

There is another classification of objects in the Under-
world: relics. These are memories of things, brought across
the Shroud once their Skinlands originals have been de-
stroyed. The stronger the emotion a relic generated before its
destruction (a much-loved stuffed unicorn, a despised leather
belt used for disciplinary purposes), the more perfectly it trans-
lates to the Shadowlands after it finally crumbles to dust. Most
buildings in the Shadowlands are in fact relics; the remainder
are those constructed from soulforged materials.

Some wraiths of recent vintage are horrified by the nature
of the Underworld economy, but in the long run most of their
moral objections are replaced by a sort of pragmatism. There
are multiple moral justifications for this sort of ultimate objec-
tification of souls: every soul forged is another one that can't
spiral down to Oblivion; many soulforgers believe they ham-
mer the Shadows right out of their materials; and so on, but in
the end it becomes a matter of convenience and desire.

Souls

Souls are where it begins and ends in the Underworld.
Souls are wealth, souls are resources, and souls are what feeds
Oblivion. In order to prevent the last, the Deathlords (like
Charon before them) have decreed that weak, Passionless and
counterproductive souls be smelted down. A wraith who has
become a Byway's paving stone is in no danger of strengthen-
ing Oblivion; a Renegade who is transformed into a cushion
won't ambush Legionnaires and help send them to Harrowings.
Pointing out the fact that the soul-trade also makes certain
wraiths very wealthy indeed is considered déclassé.

Relics

A relic is a memory given shape in the Underworld. The
only objects across the Shroud not formed from souls, relics
are those things that inspired great passion in life, and which
linger on in death. No longer in existence in the Skinlands,
relics can survive for centuries in the Shadowlands.

44 Wraith: The Oblivion

<s

Just because something is destroyed in the Skinlands
doesn't mean that it automatically becomes a relic. In order
to cross the Shroud, an object must have inspired strong emo-
tion before its destruction. Love, hate, fear: the specifics are
immaterial. Stuffed animals and battered baseball gloves are
among the most common relics, but so are knives, handcuffs
and buildings like schoolhouses and prisons. It is the strength
of emotion that an object invoked that dictates whether or
not it will return as a relic even after its Skinlands form has
been destroyed or buried.

The creation of a relic is a simple process: An item that
provoked strong feeling is destroyed or buried. Things that didn't
inspire one way or the other don't become relics; for example,
there are very few relic tuna fish cans beyond the Shroud. An
object that does become a relic reappears in the Shadowlands
after its destruction or burial, usually on the precise spot where
it met its maker. Often relics will materialize in the Under-
world at the same time their owner does, almost as if they have
been waiting for him to come along and take possession of them.
It is customary to make a gift of a relic to one's Reaper upon.
Harvesting, particularly if said Reaper is kind enough to refrain
from selling the Enfant into slavery.

Even relics fade away, eventually. The stronger the well-
spring of care that created them, the longer they last and the
more solid they are. In the end, though, all but the most po-
tent lose their solidity and slowly dissolve, unlamented.

Most relics aren't "useful" in the sense of serving as
Shadowlands survival equipment. Little things that meant a
great deal to someone — a signed copy of Something Wicked
This Way Comes, a favorite locket, a teddy bear treasured in
youth and saved for one's own children — make up the vast
majority of relics found in the Shadowlands. Relics of this
sort tend not to last more than a few decades before fading.

More potent relics, such as working computers or fire-
arms, functioning automobiles and the like, are much rarer
and often have Underworld existences measured in under 10
years. Dismissively labeled "toys" by Gaunts and Domems,
relics like this need investments of Pathos before they can
function as they did in the Skinlands. A relic computer that
hasn't been fueled with Pathos is a rectangular box; a relic
computer that's been loaded with juice can work wonders.

There are also relics of legendary status, which have lasted
centuries or even millennia. Brutus' dagger and da Vinci's doodle
pad are examples of things that have inspired the necessary
passion to maintain their existences through the centuries.

Soulforged Goods

The forges of the Artificers are always hungry for more
souls. There are a great many items desperately needed by
Stygian society that don't appear in quantity as relics —
swords, cinderblocks and the like — and which must be manu-
factured somehow. The only resource that fits the bill, unfor-
tunately, is the plasm that makes up the Corpora of the dead.

fag men

Soulforging itself consists of draining a wraith of as much
sentience and will as possible without tempting Oblivion, then
holding her over crystals of soulfire until her Corpus becomes
soft and malleable. At this point, an Artificer will set to work |
with his hammer, pounding the unfortunate wraith into an
entirely new form. Skilled soulforgers (usually those associ-
ated with the Artificers' Guild) can create works of amazing
delicacy and beauty, as well as the girders and breastplates
necessary to fend off Oblivion's assaults.

Occasionally soulforgers will alloy raw soul-stuff with
the death ore mined from the Veinous Stair or salvaged from
the Tempest. Stygian steel, consisting of plasm, death ore and
supposedly scrapings from the Labyrinth's walls, is by far the
strongest substance known in the Underworld. Other mix-
tures have different properties, depending upon their ingre-
dients. Soulsteel is the slang term for smelted wraiths uncut
with any other substance, and this is by far the most com-
mon product of the forges.

Soulforged items tend to break down much more slowly
than relics, having a permanency and solidity to them that is
much valued in the Underworld. On the other hand, many
wraiths claim to hear their smelted goods moaning or weep-
ing softly, and a few have gone so far as to swear that they've
heard their precious Artifacts speak.

The soulforging process is irreversible, and it is fervently
prayed by most wraiths that a smelted soul's consciousness is
destroyed forever by the process.

Artifacts

Artifact is a catch-all term for items in the Underworld
that possess special powers. Certain relics are also Artifacts,
but many Artifacts are created across the Shroud. Exceed-
ingly rare and highly sought after, powerful Artifacts are trea-
sures beyond price in the lands of the dead.

Relic Artifacts are difficult to create and more difficult
to hang onto. The passion of multitudes of Quick is needed
to empower a relic thus; also needed is the belief on the part
of those mortals that the object is in some way special. Then
the relic-to-be must be destroyed, freeing it to cross the Shroud
and manifest in the Underworld. Excalibur, the Grail, the Ark
of the Covenant and the original Mme. Guillotine would all
be examples of relic Artifacts. Unlike most relics, relic Arti-
facts never fade away.

The other variety of Artifact is the soulforged sort. Items
crafted in the Artificers' forges and invested with Arcanoi, these
Artifacts are more common but only relatively so. Masks of
office and Anacreons' swords are often Artifacts of this kind.
Because of the great personal cost of making them, soulforgers
are very particular as to whom they craft Artifacts for.

Technically, any soulforged item is an Artifact, but no
one ever refers to a soulforged brick as an Artifact. Only unique
and powerful items are actually labeled "Artifacts."


a

Standard Operating Equipment

There are certain items with which every Stygian wraith
is familiar. These are the basic tools of existence across the
Shroud, and any Enfant who evades the Reapers will learn
about them in short order.

¢ Weapons — For reasons of economy, it is the classic
weapons that work best in the Underworld. Relic guns re-
quire an investment of Pathos, and relic ammunition is in
short supply, so most wraiths fall back on swords, knives and
the like. It is simple to craft blades and armor from souls, and
many wraiths frankly prefer the panache that comes from
having a sword at their hip or a dagger in their boot.

Ornate weapons are seen as status symbols, and relic or
Artifact blades are highly prized. Small wars between
Necropoli have been known to start over the disposition of
legendary Artifact weapons.

© Oboli — The base unit of Stygian currency is the obolus.
Forged from a single soul, an obolus is the only legal tender in
Stygian territory. Most Renegade and Heretic bands use them
as well, out of a lack of an acceptable alternative.

Oboli theoretically can be chopped up for change, but
bits of a single obolus that are separated tend to re-form as
soon as they can. Scattered bits of random change, on the
other hand, never coalesce. Certain more sensitive wraiths
have given up on the notion of half-oboli entirely as they
ponder the effect of being quartered on smelted souls.

 Manacles and Chains — The well-dressed Reaper's tools of
the trade, chains and manacles are used in a variety of ways through-
out the Underworld. Their primary function, of course, is to bind
and imprison wraiths. Many chains are empowered to prevent
bound wraiths from using their Arcanoi to escape; others are used
as fashion accessories by debonair Domems. Few objects in the
Underworld are as thoroughly loathed as Stygian chains; all Ren-
egades, almost every Heretic and even a great many Stygian
Lemures see them as reminders of the ever-hungry forge:

© Masks —

soulforged mai

xtremely fashionable among many wraiths,

rve to depersonalize offices. Useful as a way to
command allegiance to an office as opposed to an office-holder, the
m

s of Hierarchy officials are passed along to successive holders of
posts. Even the Deathlords are known only by the masks and other
badges of their offices; it matters little which wraith wears them.

Deathmarks

Centuries the Ferrymen noticed that certain wraiths ar-

rived in the Shadowlands with strange markings on their Corpora,

visible through the use of the Arcanos Fatalism. These marks were

classified according to the patterns they made, and there seemed to
be several varieties. Those who could see them suggested they were
like birthmarks on the living, although the resemblance ended there.
Some marks seemed to be carved into the very Corpus of the af-
fected wraiths, some were raised slightly like scars, and others were
merely changes in surface coloration, like tattoos.


1 fS

Originally there seemed to be a distinct correlation between
the patterning and the type of person the wraith had been in life,
and the Ferrymen saw this as being the best indicator of how each
wraith should seek Transcendence. Time and circumstance, though,
have conspired to change this dramatically. With the banishment
of the Heretics and the denouncement of Transcendence asa false-
hood, the original purpose of the marks was ignored in favor of
classifying wraiths according to the manner of their deaths. Now
wraiths are branded with deathmarks as a means of marking them
the property of a particular Deathlord. Some Restless have taken
this to extremes, Moliating themselves in elaborate patterns to
proclaim their loyalty to their masters and mistresses.

The Society of the Dead

‘Bye, my foolish love. Hear me now. Sleep your singular sleep
and dream of the many, the others. They are also part of you, part
of us. Die into them and leave me in peace.'

— Thomas Ligotti, "Dream of a Mannikin"
uman beings are social animals, anda little
Bi! thing like death doesn't change this fact.
| There is a complex and ancient society
&/ among the Restless, complete with wars,
¥| politicking, religious fanaticism, com-
K) merce and all of the other things that can
be found on the streets of the cities of the
living. Wraiths who understand and take advantage of its rules
can prosper immeasurably, while those who fail to grasp its
basic lessons feed the forges or the Void.

Ghostly society is an odd collection of that which has gone
before in the lands of the living. Stygia is based ona classical Athe-
nian ideal, overlaid with a Roman Republic structure with trap-
pings of Empire and coated with modem notions layered over stan-
dard European feudalism. Astute political observers have labeled
the entire thing "a mess," and few disagree. Complicating matters
is the fact that many Stygian wraiths date back centuries and have
not seen fit to modernize their viewpoints. A discussion of Rest-
less politics can be a lesson in living — or unliving — history.

Circles

Circles are tightly knit groups of wraiths, bound together socially
for mutual protection from slavers and Spectres. The Circle in many
ways replaces the family as the fundamental unit of society in the
Underworld, standing by its members through triumphs and turmoil.
Wraiths independent of Circles tend to be either the last survivors of
Circles that have disintegrated, or suicidal in the extreme. A wraith
without a Circle has no one to watch his ghostly back, and will
probably not long escape the perils of wraithly existence.

Most Circles range in size from three wraiths to 30, but sel-
dom more. Members of a Circle are usually bound by the Haunt

(or Haunts) they share, not unlike several mortals clustered to-
gether in a group house. It is not uncommon for members of a
Circle to run the gamut of Underworld factions, often leading to 9
internal dissension strong enough to tear the Circle asunder.

Politicking

With hundreds of years stretching out before them, wraiths
excel at political games. As open warfare among the dead prac-_ |
tically embraces Oblivion, wraiths try to move against their
enemies more subtly, tempting neither fate nor their Shadows.
However, just because the maneuvers of the aged dead aren't
overt, it doesn't mean that they can't be deadly. The forges and

the Void both receive their fair share of those who underesti-
mated their opponents' power, or the consequences of defeat.

actions

oughly speaking, the Deadlands of the
Western world are split into three mutu-
ally antagonistic factions, though this
hardly means that every wraith is up in
arms against her neighbor. Most Restless
4) are content to deal with their compatri-
ots on a one-on-one basis, regardless of
political affiliation. However, each faction has its fanatics and
rabble-rousers, and expressing sympathy for a Renegade in
front of the wrong Legionnaire can be a one-way ticket to an
eternity as an ashtray.

The Renegades are rebels, pitting themselves against any 9)

who would fence them in, be that Hierarchy, Heretics or other
Renegades. Some are Hierarchs who grew disillusioned by the
system, others fugitives seeking refuge, while their brothers
in arms may be thugs, political radicals or simply free think-
ers. Whatever nobler ideals some may hold about a slavery-
free Stygia, an increasing number of Renegades are simply
malcontents well-acquainted with violence and its many ap-
plications. For every Renegade who will infiltrate a Citadel
in hopes of putting its soulforge out of commission, there's }
another who will gladly sell the returning hero to slavers.
The Heretics are those who seek a higher state, per-
haps in Transcendence, perhaps in the Far Shores, perhaps
somewhere not yet known. The name is a collective term
for the many disparate cults that espouse religious beliefs
before political ones, and was first given tothem by Charon /
after the Shining Ones debacle. Occasionally these groups
band together against violent Renegades or the domineer-
ing Hierarchy agents, but these occasions are rare. Heretic
cults usually spend more time battling each other over doc-
trine and potential followers. They run the gamut from fa-
natical holy warriors and zealots to gentle caregivers and
teachers, and everything in between. Their common bond

Chapter Two: Setting 47


is their unshakable faith in their beliefs, whether that be
in the Mother Goddess, a pantheon, Chaos Incarnate, the
Judeo-Christian Yahweh or deities unknown to the mortal
world. Above all, the Heretics seek converts, as each group
is convinced that it and it alone knows the secrets of after-
life. Sadly, many of these are dupes of Spectres or worse
yet, the "gods" of the Far Shores.

The Hierarchy is the oldest and most powerful side of
the triangle, claiming its authority from the departed
Charon. Its lords demand respect from all, and use the Le-
gions to back up such requests. While the Hierarchy may
be the most stable, it is also the most stifling and conser-

vative faction. The walls of its Necropoli hold out the Spec-
t

is likely to be a Hierarch, not much different from the av-

tres, but ata terrible cost. The average wraith on the stre

erage law-abiding mortal citizen. Hierarchy wraiths accept
the Stygian laws, along with the offenses and the mistakes

of the administration, as the best means of protection from

fanatics and the Shadow-Eaten

On Renegades

My whole life I played by the rules. Paid my taxes, obeyed the
speed limit — you name it. Now I'm dead, and they're telling me
Thave to do the same thing all over again, forever? No way, man

Jo goddamned way

Amos Coulter, Renegade, Doyle's Irregulars

"Renegade" is most frequently used as a broad-brush
term to describe those who stand outside the Hierarchy,
yet do not belong to an organized Heretic cult. Most so-
called "Renegades" find the term insulting, and prefer a
variety of names ranging from "Outsiders" to "Out of my
way." Generally Renegades run in quote-unquote gangs,
though these gangs can take the form of rampaging freikorps,
street gangs or pacifistic communes.

There is no such thing as the "average" Renegade.
There are as many reasons for standing on the outside as
there are Renegades. Some are reacting to the Hierarchy's
repugnant soul-slavery, while to others it matters little

who's in charg as long as it's not the Hierarchy. Many

were rebels in life and simply don't want to change. Some
are fugitives from Hierarchy justice, preferring the precari-
ous life of a refugee to the security of eternity as a soulsteel
laven ornamtenteeAmiong the Renegadesiis alsorwheretone
finds the thugs who simply prefer cutting their own pay-
checks from Byway robbery as opposed to receiving them
from a Legionnaire captain.

No small portion of the gangs are mercenary bands,
selling their swords and services to any who can afford to
pay their fee, including Hierarchs temporarily strapped for
Legionnaires. Onithie other handamuany Renceade cone
munities are peaceful collectives, trying to burrow as far

into hiding as possible. It is this very disorganization of

48 Wraith: The Oblivion

purpose which hamstrings certain Renegades' periodic ef-
forts to present a unified front, and which unwittingly serves
the Hierarchy.

A prime source of tension between the Hierarchy and
the Renegades is simple class warfare. A certain amount
of snobbery is part and parcel with living in Stygia as a
member of the obvious "ruling" class, and many Hierarchs
believe it to be their right and privilege to give the Ren-
egades hell as they are socially inferior. For some Ren-
egades, the thought of being able to take down a Hier-
arch just to wipe that superior smile off his face warms
the plasm even on the chilliest nights. On the other hand,
there is a great deal of barter and soul-traffic between in-
dividual members of the factions, and even Legionnaires
will often cut deals with local Renegades if they don't
think their superiors are looking.

qhe Gangs Are All Here

Well-known Renegade groups incluc
The Brotherhood of the Black Rabbit
group of former stage magicians, ex-
panded to include psychics and spiritualists
in the last century, the Brothers banded to-
gether to protect such groups from Hierar
chy abuses. Even in death, they continue
studies into the occult and supernatural,
sometimes assisting worthy mortal mediums
and making diplomatic overtures to other
Dark Kingdoms to study their spirit lore.
StormRiders — Bikers in life, these Ren-
egades have not been slowed by death in the
least. The thunder of their relic cycles occasion
ally shatters the peace of Necropoli, to the dread
of many beleaguered Anacreons. StormRide
dislike the stifling authority of the monolithic
Hierarchy
like code of helping the weak and hamstring-

and many follow a Robin Hood

ing the strong. However, an equal number es-
pouse no code but their own, which includes
mowing down whoever gets in their way.
The Flying Column — This Dublin-based
roup carries on the good fight even in death
Some fought to have the British expelled from
Ireland, others w asualties of "the troubles"
in Northern Ireland. However they arrived,
the
from the iron rule of the Hierarchy.

now seek to liberate the Dublin Necropolis


On Heretics

Look around you and tell me that you do not truly believe
yourself in Hell, my friend. Our leader knows the way to a bet-
ter place, and it would grieve me greatly to sojourn there know-
ing that you remained here among the damned.

— Daniel Avrams, Shepherd, The Sons of the New
Masada

The term "Heretic" was first used by Charon after the
discovery of the Far Shores' true state. However, as each
cult sees itself on the true path to salvation, it simply as-
signs the name "Heretic" to all of the other, misguided cults
with whom it shares the Deadlands. To the Hierarchy and
Renegades, of course, it makes little difference what the
Heretics call themselves, and the term is used only slightly
more frequently than "those loonies."

If the Heretics could ever iron out their diffetences
and present an ecumenical front, they could prove a for-
midable foe to the Hierarchy. For many Heretics, the power
of their beliefs sustains them as surely as the Pathos pay-
check sustains certain of their Legionnaire counterparts.
However, the conflict of belief systems between cults pre-
vents this from ever being a possibility.

To outsiders, the reasons the Heretics bicker seem like
a simple matter of pigheadedness, a refusal to admit that

any other sect's beliefs could be as viable as their own.
However, this is too simplistic an explanation given the
variety and complexity of the belief systems at work. No
matter how friendly or open-minded a particular cult
member might be, she will defend her sect to Oblivion's
doorstep as being the right and only way to take the next
spiritual step. In a war in which the stakes are so high,
there is no room for tolerance toward the enemy. It has
often been quoted that the one who controls the religion
controls the region. The Heretics carry this creed as

a
corollary to their own espoused beliefs, and wish to lead
their fellow Restless to Heaven — but on their terms.

For now, the various cults squabble as much with
each other as with the Hierarchy. The question of Tran-
scendence is the main bone of contention most Heretics
have with Stygia, as Charon had all but declared it to
be a lie at the unmasking of the Shining Ones. Since
then, many Hierarchs have abandoned the notion of
Transcendence as a fairy tale and see the Heretics as
spreading propaganda that is detrimental to the health
of Stygian society. Heretics hotly refute this argument
as evidence that the Hierarchy is just afraid of losing
power as souls Transcend.

The most famous "heresy" is that of the Fishers, whose
involvement with Stygia is well-known and recorded. Since
then, a number of other such cults have sprung up, most of

them defined according to their proselytizing habits.


A Chorus of Cults

Well-known Heretic cults include:

The Host — These wraiths believe
wholeheartedly that they have become
angels just as their religious beliefs said
they would. Finding themselves in the
Shadowlands, they explain their ghostly
state by saying they have not obtained
Heaven because they are not yet wor-
thy. Therefore, to make themselves wor-
thy, they visit the Skinlands, attempt-
ing to guide and assist mortals whenever
possible. It is perhaps no small coinci
dence that the mortal cult of angelic be-

lief rose dramatically not long after this

group's formation.
Children of the Green — Most of the
Children were neo-pagans in life or have

since converted in death. In an attempt
to reconcile the dichotomy of earthly
ichings of the Great Wheel of Life and
their own state, they believe that they
embody a smaller Wheel that works from
the other one in the manner of a pulley.
They must travel through the second
Wheel to reach Transcendence. What-
ever they do on this Wheel could put the
first (and greater) Wheel out of balance.
Unfortunately, with everyone else so
careless of the balance, the Children
view it as their sacred duty to prevent
violations of the Dictum Mortuum, stop
soul-slavery and achieve peace, p
ably all by lunchtime tomorrow.

Riders of the Wheel — Once d
voted to the faith of Fortune's Wheel,
these wraiths now espouse the follow-
ing of blind Chance. They maintain the
Hanging Gardens casino from the
Shadowlands of Atlantic City as a
temple to Chance, and see gambling as

the sincerest form of worship.

Wraith: The Oblivion

on th hierarchy |

We are in a war for the sake of all that exists, and we don't
have the luxury of dissent. If you're not with us, you're against
us, and if you're against us, you're working for Oblivion.

— Genevieve Buck, Anacreon of Violence, Manchester

ecropolis

This monolithic organization is the oldest and longest-lived
of any in the Deadlands. Founded by Charon as means of uni-
fying and ordering the chaotic afterlife, it has grown into a
stratified, calcified bureaucracy "led" by the battling Deathlords
and based upon the enslavement of thousands of souls for use

as Thralls or raw materials. Criminalizing any opposition and
crushing those who stand in their way, the armored Legions of
the Hierarchy have rolled across the oceans to make sure that
Stygian law is maintained throughout the Deadlands. The fact
that many wraiths find Stygian law objectionable is not open
to debate, as most Hierarchs see themselves as personally hold-
ing the line against Oblivion. Renegades are seen as wanting
to open the Citadel gates to Spectres; Heretics would have ev-
eryone contemplate their navels while the Maelstroms howl.
No, no matter how unpleasant some of its aspects might be,
according to loyal Stygian citizens the Hierarchy is the best bet
the world has not to be swallowed by the Void.

In spite of the many flaws, the Hierarchy is perhaps the
best chance an average wraith has to survive threats of Spec-
tres, Maelstroms and other monsters, and one of the few
sources of law and order to be found in the chaotic Under-
world. Wraiths who had been average, law-abiding citizens
in life find that the Hierarchy provide a lifestyle similar to
what they were used to, giving them a comforting refuge when
all else in their new existence is strange. These common citi-
zens are an unseen face of the Hierarchy, which may be known
to other wraiths only through the Legionnaire pointing his
relic sword or the sadistic bureaucratic servant.

While the highest levels of the Hierarchy are indubita-
bly corrupt (as any Renegade or Heretic will gladly inform

ape a great deal
of the infection. Here can be found the idealists, the earnest

you), the lower levels have managed to

and hard-working wraiths pushing papers or keeping the
peace on a' Necropolis blocks Thetfew altruists: who have
managed to make it to positions of power view Stygia as a
once-mighty empire fallen on hard times. While the Hier-
archy has its flaws, Charon still had good intentions and
ideas, and they should continue to uphold those ideals, even
if the Deathlords have forgotten them.

Most wraiths are part of the Hierarchy, and it controls
most of the Necropoli and Citadels in the Shadowlands.
Many Byways are Hierarchy-built and maintained, and
Stygia constantly sends patrols out to keep these safe routes
Of course, the definition
of "safe" depends upon whom is asked, particularly if that

clear of Spectres and Renegades

person is a Renegade.


The Lesions

In theory, every Stygian citizen belongs to a Legion. Delin-
eated along the lines of each wraith's demise, the Legions serve as
a way of classifying the dead. Each Legion is ruled by a Deathlord,
who commands obedience from all within his troop. Authority
descends from the Deathlord or lady in a quasi-military chain of
command, with civilian Legionnaires given military ranks in an
effort to place them within the Legion's structure.

The bureaucratic side of the Legions is just as important as
the military, and most members of a Legion aren't out in armor
smiting Spectres and Renegades. Instead, they are processing souls,
enforcing laws, taking census, repairing Necropoli, educating
Enfants and otherwise keeping Stygian society running smoothly.

Then again, there are the martial aspects to each Legion.
Byway patrols, Spectre-hunting expeditions, Renegade-bus'
ing and other, similar activities necessitate a standing military
presence among the dead, and each Deathlord does his best to
oblige. This is the face of the Legions that Renegades and Her-
are most familiar with, and these outsiders often mistake

etic:
the military side of the Legion for the Legion as a whole.
As
gions are becoming more frequent. While things are a long way
from open warfare on the streets of Stygia, out in the hinterlands
bushwhackings and other inter-Legion unfriendliness has been
known to happen. A lone Centurion of the Legion of Paupers
who wanders into a haunt frequented by soldiers of the Grim
Legion can be asking for trouble, depending upon how relations
between the Smiling Lord and the Beggar Lord are that week.

the Deathlords jockey for power, clashes between L

There are other, lesser organizations also known as Le-
gions, though these are generally orders of merit. For example,
the Fifth Legion, a.k.a. the Legion of the Black Hawk, is an
elite military corps created by Charon from the finest soldiers
in each of the Deathlords' Legions, while the Online Legion
contains Hierarchy wraiths skilled at the Arcanos Inhabit.

Some of the Deathlords also have Legions-within-Legions,
such as the Beggar Lord who honors his bodyguards with the
title of the Legion of the Onyx Tear. It is generally assumed
that when the term "Legion" is used, it is one of the eight
Legions of the Deathlords that is being referred to. If a wraith
wishes to mention one of the smaller organizations, she will
usually call it by its full name just to avoid confusion.

Legion Ranks

 Legionnaire — Legionnaires are the grunts of the Under-
world, holding the lowest rank in the Legions. Most have no fixed
duties, but instead are reassigned from Necropolis to Necropolis as
the need arises. Patrols generally consist of Legionnaires as well.

¢ Centurion — A Centurion is a wraith who oversees a
patrol and the Legionnaires that serve in it. Centurions are
empowered representatives of Stygia, and have considerable
y in the field. Very few Centurions, once they've begun

lees

the long climb up from Legionnaire status, are content to re-
main at this post for long.

¢ Marshal — Appointed by the local Anacreon, a Mar-
shal is responsible for a small Domain outside of a Citadel.
Marshals usually have multiple patrols assigned to them, and
each reports directly to her Overlord.

e Regent — Essentially a well-trusted Marshal, a Regent
is granted responsibility farther from the local Citadel and hence
more independence. Hierarchy Domains that aren't centered
ona Necropolis are usually under the jurisdiction of a Regent.

© Overlord — The second tier of authority in a Citadel,
an Overlord is usually an Anacreon's assistant who is trusted

to make policy decisions. Overlords can be assumed to speak

for their Anacreons, and often coordinate all of the patrols
and lesser Hierarchy officials in a Necropolis.

e Anacreon — The Anacreon of a given Legion is the
highest-ranking member of that Legion within a Citadel. Each
Necropolis is ruled by a council of seven Anacreons (the Le-
gion of Fate disdains involvement in local politics), and an
Anacreon has supreme power over members of her Legion
within her jurisdiction.

The Legions Consist of
¢ The Silent Le

Lord from the Seat of Silence, and consist

on, ruled by the Quiet

ing of the victims of | Jespair.

e The Legion of Paupers, tuled by the
Beggar Lord from the Seat of Golden Tears,
and consisting of the victims of Mystery.

e The Emerald Legion, ruled by the
Emerald Lord from the Seat of Thorns; and
consisting of the victims of Happenstance

¢ The Grim Legion, ruled by the Smil-
ing Lord from the Seat of Burning Waters,
and consisting of the victims of Violence.

« © The Iron Legion, ruled by the Ashen
Lady from the Seat of Shadows, and consist-
ing of the victims of Old Ag

e The Penitent Legion, ruled by the
Laughing Lady from the Seat of Succor, and
consisting of the victims of Madness

e The Skeletal Legion (also called the
Gaunt Legion), ruled by the Skeletal Lord
from the Seat of Dust, and consisting of the
victims of Pestilence

¢ The Legions of Fate, ruled by the La-
dies of Fate from the Seat of Fate and consist-

ing of those whom Fate has marked for its own

Chapter Two: Setting 51


These bloodhounds of the dead were once wraiths them-
selves before they were selected for the K-9 units of the Le-
gions. Each new barghest is Moliated into an houndlike crea-
ture and then lobotomized by having a specially prepared
muzzle of Stygian steel grafted to its Corpus. The result is an
obedient "dog" that answers only to the person holding its
leash and whistle. Many are used to track the Shadow-Eaten,
while others are simply used as shock troops, much to the
dismay of their targets. When they catch the scent of a Spec-
tre or other quarry, barghests (they always hunt in pairs or
packs) will set up a howling so fierce that it can be heard by
the living. Renegades with a scientific bent hypothesize that
these hounds are actually using a modification of the Arcanos
Keening, but very few wraiths who go out to do field re-
search on the matter ever return to publish their findings.

Charon Law

Dream if you will but remember there are iron laws

— Johnny Clegg and Savuka, "Jericho"
pee) he Hierarchy has its own law system, with
Sy) Charon's ancient code of the Dictum Mor-
Y)| tuum at its center. This code (literally trans-

| lated, "The Word of the Dead") was cre-

ated during the Middle Ages to regulate the
traffic between mortals and wraiths. Many
wraiths inflicted themselves on the living
through Skinriding, nightmares, materializing and any num-
ber of other horrors. Others masqueraded as demons to deluded
would-be sorcerers. With little organized resistance or threat of
punishment, these wraiths continued their games until the
Church responded with exorcisms and wardings.

Charon determined to put a stop to this, and instituted the
Code of Charon. It sought to protect the living from the abuses of
the dead by putting a heavy interdiction on all interaction with
mortals. It also made very clear that only Charon and his empow-
ered designates were permitted to gather and dispatch souls.

The Code is continually updated, and the Stygian Hier-
archy continues to maintain it. Most Shadowland agents don't
have time or energy to read it, let alone enforce it, and simply
concentrate on keeping the peace. Many suspect that as long
as they keep up the supply of souls to the home office, it won't
matter how many infractions they let go.

qhe judiciary
Hierarchy law was created as much to punish as pro-
tect. Most Restless follow the dictates quietly, much as they

followed Skinlands law in their breathing days. However,
there is an element of fear that comes with obedience, a

52 Wraith: The Oblivion

fear which the Hierarchy does not hesitate to capitalize
on in the name of law and order. Stygian officials are
quick and frequent to crack down on law-breakers, while
many of the overworked Legions and other Hierarchy
agents in the Shadowlands tend to ignore minor law-
breakers in the interests of keeping the peace and going
after bigger fish.

Those who do break the law come before a Hierarchy
magistrate to stand trial. A wraith may appeal to appear be-
fore a "higher" magistrate, but appeals are rarely heard un-
less the accused has some standing in the local Hierarchy.
In some cases a judgment may be appealed to the Hand of
Fate, and should the Ladies of Fate overturn the decision,
the Hierarchy will in most cases abide by the new ruling.
Few know what happens to the defendants in cases that are
not dealt with so politely.

Sentencing and Punishment

If a wraith breaks a law and is found guilty of a crime,
at least in Stygian territory, she is punished for it. Obvi-
ously certain punishments, like the death penalty, mean
little to those already dead, and exiling offenders to the
Tempest only risks strengthening Oblivion further. As a
result, the Hierarchy has become a little more creative in
its punishments.

¢ Enthrallment — The offender is chained with
Stygian manacles, making her the Thrall of another
wraith, usually a Hierarchy official. This is the most com-
mon punishment in Stygian territory, though by no means
the harshest.

© Imprisonment — Sometimes criminals are jailed
in Shadowland reflections of mortal prisons, with rein-
forced walls and bars of Stygian metal to prevent escape.
This devastating punishment works in several ways. First
of all, it keeps the wraith from visiting her Fetters or re-
newing her Passions, weakening her ability to resist her
darker half. In addition, when a wraith is left alone in
the dark to brood, her Shadow will inevitably redouble
its assaults on her Psyche.

© Branding — Branding is a way to mark criminals,
effectively ostracizing them from society and warning
other would-be miscreants from attempting the same. The
size and shape of the brands varies according to the se-
verity of the crime. Serious crimes (assuming the offender
escapes the forges or the Masquers) result in the offender
wearing her brand on her forehead, exposing her to re-
lentless scorn.

© Discorporation — This is the most severe punish-
ment within the Hierarchy's power. The offender is trans-
ported to the nearest forges and smelted down for
soulgoods. Alternately, some criminals are turned over to
wraiths skilled in Moliate and reshaped into other "use-
ful" implements.

Outsiders

‘Can it be,' he thought to himself...'can it be that these people
are the people of the twilight, that they love only at night their real
life, and come out honestly only with the dusk?'

— Algernon Blackwood, "Ancient Sorceries"

qhe Guilds

he Guilds began as loose "colleges" among
f) the dead to teach the wraithly arts of
j) Arcanoi to those who used or wished to
pursue mastery in them. Later, the Guilds
evolved into political organizations of
Freewraiths, existing outside of the Le-

gions and acquiring enough power in
Stygian society to make even the Deathlords nervous. Like
their medieval mortal counterparts, the Guilds guarded their
secrets jealously, cloaking themselves in layers of mystery that
not even many of their company could see past.

While most Stygian wraiths believe the Guilds are long
since broken, there are actually 16 Guilds currently in exist-
ence, each specializing in a particular Arcanos. Each has a
lingering reputation from days of old, whether it chooses to
acknowledge it or not. Members of certain Guilds are still
respected from their favored days under Charon, while others
are hated for their affiliation with the echoes of the past.

The War of the Guilds

The Dictum Mortuum did much to sour the Guilds' rela-
tions with Charon. For Guildwraiths, Charon's decree barring
interference with the Skinlands was a terrible blow to their live-
lihoods and amusements. Sandmen, Proctors, Spooks, Haunt-
ers, Puppeteers and smaller factions within the other Guilds who
depended on contact with the mortal world suffered the most,
and resolved not to take the matter lying down. Their response
was to continue their work as if nothing had happened, a move
that did not endear them to the Hierarchy. Contention over
contact with the living would become one of the stickiest points
in relationships between the two groups for centuries to come,
and nearly led to open revolt on several occasions.

During the Middle Ages, the Guilds came into promi-
nence. Those wraiths proficient in their chosen Arcanoi or-
ganized themselves as mortal craftsmen did, officially codi-
fying themselves as Guilds. Older groups, such as the mil-
lennia-old collective of soulforgers, quickly adapted to the
new paradigm, and soon the Guilds were a permanent fix-
ture on the political landscape. Tight symbiotic relationships
developed between many of the Guilds and Stygia, with
Freewraiths providing services in exchange for wealth, power
and status. However, since the wealth of Stygia flowed from


the Artificers' forges, they claimed primacy among the Guilds
and often subverted other Guilds' agendas to their own. Re-
sentiment bred among other Guilds, boiling over into an unof-
ficial war that stretched from the Shadowlands to the streets of
Stygia. This conflict, called the War of the Guilds, lasted from
1096 to 1354. While there were never battalions of Guild mem-
bers on the streets, what happened behind closed doors was
another matter entirely. The Mnemoi lured the Sandmen into
the war by claiming that Charon planned to raze a number of
theatres in favor of soulforges, while the Monitors directed all
and sundry to even the best-protected Fetters of their adversar-
ies. A Chanteur who enjoyed the favor of a certain Anacreon
would "persuade" him (with assistance from her Solictor ac-
complice) to investigate the matter of Artificers forging weap-
ons that were not ending up in the armory, in hopes of sen-
tencing the embezzlers to their own forges. Other Guilds with
Skinland contacts (Proctors, Puppeteers, Spooks and Haunt-

ers) set them against the main enemy, meanwhile taking ad-
vantage of the chaos to tweak their Guilds' secondary enemies.
Artificers fought back by creating a number of lovely new objets
dart from the Corpora of their enemies, delivering them as
their answer to the apocryphal fish wrapped in newspaper.
The war was begun to remove the Artificers from power,
but ended up making them stronger than ever. A number of

"accidents" needed to be disposed of, and the forges were the
obvious choice. Eventually, things ground to a stalemate and
with increased interference from the Deathlords looming, a

abe

cessation of hostilities made the best sense. In the latter
months of 1354, the Compact of the Guilds was ratified by
the 13 Greater Guilds. Of those excluded, the Solictors and
Alchemists were considered to be unimportant, and were
thetefore not invited to sign, while the Mnemoi were so thor-
oughly disliked by this point that they were purposely snubbed.

The Compact called for an end to all conflicts between
the Guilds. A Council of Guilds would be formed to adjudi-
cate disputes between Guilds or opposing Guild members. The
Artificers, as the Eldest Guild, would sit as the leadership of
both Compact and Council. This originally caused more hard
feelings and anti-Artificer sentiments, but these sentiments
were silenced when the Artificers spread a few Artifacts around
to "encourage" cooperation.

qhe Breaking

Despite the problems in its inception, the Council uni-
fied the Guilds as a political force. While they bickered be-
hind closed doors, they presented a united front to the rest of
Stygia. They towered over the rest of the Stygian population
in power, surpassed only by the Deathlords (no doubt to those
august wraiths' collective relief). However, the winds of change
were blowing, particularly in the form of unrest among the
Heretics and Renegades. Certain Guildmasters saw the insta-
bility wrought by these groups as a chance to seize power
from Charon's obviously weakened grasp. On April 6, 1598,


the Guilds, led by the Artificers, attempted to stage a coup
d'etat. The Usurers had helped to begin the revolt, but aban-
doned the project suspiciously quickly. When they left, their
closest allies, the Masquers, follow
founder. It ended a miserable failure, and many of the offend-
ers were obliterated by the next tide.

ed, and the coup began to

In the wake of the rebellion, Charon had concerns that
too much power was being concentrated in the Guilds' grasp.
Another, more organized coup might well have succeeded
where the Artificers' clumsy power grab had failed. He de-
cided to remove the threat of usurpation by dissolving that
threatening concentration of power, and did so by banishing
the Freewraiths' Guilds from Stygia.

The Decree of the Breaking, as it was called, outlined
Charon's policy against the Guilds, to wit: The existing Guilds
any groups calling

were dissolved as official organizations

themselves Guilds were outlawed in Stygian lands; Guild
membership was a crime; and specially trained Legionnaires
would be taking the place of Guild members in Stygian soci-
ety. Like the coup, the Decree was misguided in intention and
doomed to failure. After 20 years of sabotage and work stop-
pages, Charon discovered the Legions could not replace the
Guilds. For that matter, the Breaking had done nothing to
slow down Guild members themselves. They still had the tools
and the talents for which wraiths would pay

handsomely.
Still, it would have made for a bad precedent for Charon
to reverse his decision. Such an about-face would have sug-
gested that he could neither create firm policy mandates nor
enforce his will, and in the post-coup instability, appearing
weak in front of the predatory Deathlords would have incited
more rebellions. In the end, he chose to reinstate "former"
Guild members individually on the condition that they un-
derstood the Guilds were no more. However, the fiction that
the Guilds were destroyed was still circulated among the popu-

lace, and eventually the populace grew to believe it.

Playing With Others

The Guilds do still exist, regardless of policy. No matter
what fictions or party lines are disseminated, the Guilds are
still a vital force in the Underworld. Many provide organized
access to services that no wraith would want to live without,
while others have powers that have become political necessi-
ties. In the end, the Guilds maintain that any talent wanted
badly enough will persuade a wraith to abandon his higher

principles to seek it out, wherever it lies.
gia are Guild
st.

Only about one-tenth of the wraiths in St
members, and most wraiths believe the Guilds don't

Mere knowledge of a Guild's specialty is not enough to con-
vict a wraith of membership, and it is expected that Stygian
citizens know something of at least one or two Arcanoi. How-
ever, the Guilds were banished by Charon's decree, and there-
fore belonging to one technically makes a wraith a Renegade.
As criminals are eligible to be smelted in the forges, Guild
membership can be a dangerous thing to hold.

qhe Decree of the Breaking

On this day, Anno Stygiae 246 Post Se-
cundum, we decree that the Guilds be hereby
dismissed and uncreated for the following
crimes: That they would attempt to unseat
the very power which grants them their place
and position; that they would set those pow-
ers of their mastery against their Imperator
and the populace; that their foul machina-
tions have attempted to unravel the very
fabric of Stygia, her colonies and protector-
ates. Therefore, we decree the following in-
terdictions be laid upon them:

© That the Guilds are hereby banished
from Stygia. Let their Masters no more
darken my door; let their power be broken
and scattered as a captive army. They shall
find refuge not anywhere within the city or
her lands where our banner floats.

© That any wraith found belonging to a
Guild or claiming membership to a Guild is
hereby deemed to be a criminal of the worst
sort. They shall be subject to the justice of
Stygia that lords over every wraith.

© That the Guilds are hereby dissolved
of their power, their organization, their mem-
bership and their authority. There is no
longer such an organization as a Guild, and
any claiming contrary will be arrested and
sentenced by Stygian justice.

¢ That our Legions shall fill the vacan-
cies left in the wake of the departure of the

They shall be trained in the ways of
Arcanoi and thereby assume the empty posts
abandoned by the prideful Guilds

This is our will, our law and our decree
Woe unto the wretch who breaks the letter
of the i

Done this day of April 14,
246 Post Secundum, wherewith we set our

no Stygiae

hand and seal.
Charon
mperacor

Chapter Two: Setting


Anyone who practices.an Arcanos, particularly
ner primary skill, will be tagged
a Guild

sm will

at Arcanos
with the "appropriate" name whether she
member or not. A wraith skilled in Phant

be called

of the Dream Union, a.k.a. the Sandmen's Guild

1 Sandman, even if she is not a member

Wraiths who are members of the Guilds tend to go
by more specialized epithets, such as Hammerboys
or Helldiver

, when talking among themselves

Many ex-Guild members or rogues seek out Renegade
groups in which to hide, which is a matter of great concern to
those who wish to maintain the Guilds' lock on certain
Arcanoi specialties. Some of these Guild dropouts are allowed
to run, but those who teach Guild secrets to outsiders are play-
ing dice with their afterlives, as the Guild in question will
almost certainly seek retribution for this betrayal. The Artifi-
cers and Puppeteers in particular take pleasure in hunting
down rogues teaching Guild secrets.

Heretics tend to either view the Guilds as vanished secu-
lar groups or they are unaware of them entirely. According to
some Heretic cults, the Breaking was divine retribution
against the blasphemers of the Haunters, Artificers or what-
ever other Guild incurred the cult's ire. On the other hand,
many cults may also shelter ex-Guild members, but emphasis
is placed firmly on the "ex" aspect. Shelter among the believ-
ers comes with a price, and not all wraiths are willing to pay
that price to avoid chancing Hierarchy wrath.

Despite the Decree, the Council of Guilds continues to
meet and squabble, jus t always has. The Artificers, as the
Eldest Guild, claim certain rights and privileges due them,
demanding respect and obedience. This air of superiority grates
on the nerves of Spooks, Haunters and Usurers, among oth-
ers, making for uneasy relations between the groups. Younger
Guilds are frequently at cross purposes in what to do and who
has precedence, often turning Council meetings into sheer
chaos. On those rare occasions when the Guilds are unified
toward a goal, however, they can still exert a frightening
amount of influence. With so many Guild members infiltrated
into Stygian society, free from suspicion, the Guilds have their
fingers on more levers of power than the Deathlords dream.

The Guilds Today

Most wraiths, be they Hierarchy, Heretic or Renegade, don't
actively believe in the existence of the Guilds. Charon broke
them centuries ago, after all, and they haven't been heard from
since. The soulforger down the street? He's just a soulforger, not
a Master-class Artificer. The Sandman across town who puts on
dreamshows every Thursday? She's just a street performer, not a

56 Wraith: The Oblivion

member of the so-called Dream Union. Even in the byzantine
bureaucracy of the Hierarchy, there are few who know the truth,
and they seem content to let the lie stand uncontested.

For wraiths with centuries to plot, elaborate politics are
the rule of the day. The Guilds are no exception. Many Guild
members are worried about the disintegrating fabric of Stygian
society under the Deathlords, and see themselves as a viable
alternative to the petty squabbling that is the rule of the day.
In spite of the Guilds' efforts to maintain a low profile, they
are as much a part of the political strata as the Legions or
Heretics. This runs terrible risks for all involved; if the Guilds'
existence were ever unmasked, the depths of their involve-
ment in Stygian politics could send literally thousands of
wraiths to the forges (provided there was someone there to
work them).

Officially, wraiths are urged to devote their talents with
Arcanoi to the Hierarchy, whether they provide entertain-
ment or more vital services. Unofficially, each Guild does have
a definite political slant to it, with the talents of the members

often providing clues as to its affiliation. Because of the Dic-
tum Mortuum, Haunters, Proctors and Puppeteers remain the
Guilds on the outside, Never officially sanctioned by the Hi-
erarchy, they tend toward a hard-line Renegade stance,
Chanteurs and Sandmen walk a thin line, 2

their services

are valued but their artistic temperaments drive them toward
a more Renegade political posture. Their fellow fence-strad-
dlers are: Spooks, Oracles, Usurers and Masquers, all of whom
tend to shift according to the way the political breeze is blow-
ing. Artificers, Harbingers, Monitors and Pardoners are still
on the inside, relatively regimented and organized in their
stand against Oblivion. On the other hand, both the Artifi-
cers and Pardoners have displayed some marked Heretic ten-
dencies of late, and their extremism on certain issues unsettles
the other Guilds to a remarkable extent.

Seeking out the services of Guild members is not as diffi-
cult as one might think. If a Pardoner hangs out her iron lan-
tern (a recognized Guild symbol from the history books of the
dead) to indicate she is open for business, it is unlikely a squad
of Legionnaires will rush in to shut her down for violating the
Decree of the Breaking; everyone needs a Pardoner sooner or
later. Likewise, without Artificers, there would be no Stygian
steel, no chains and no soulforging of any kind. It is the orga-
nization of such talent that makes the Hierarchy anxious. Most
non-Stygian Hierarchy officials and Legions tend to take a
laissez-faire attitude concerning the matter of single Guild
members setting up shop. An Artificer becomes a soulforger,
while a Masquer is a tailor or beautician, and an Oracle is
merely the local fortune-teller. Pardoners receive far more
leeway than other Guild wraiths by dint of their very neces-
sity. In Hierarchy territory, most wraiths demonstrating a sus-
picious level of training in an Arcanos are generally given
the admonition, "Don't tell me anything that would make
me have to arrest you," and left alone so long as they don't do

anything outrageous.

Zio

errymen

Stand close around, ye Stygian set,

With Dirce in one boat conveyed

— Walter Savage Landor

Y; tanding alone in the Underworld, the Fer-
rymen are equal parts enigma and legend.

| All wraiths have met one (or know some-
one who has, or know someone who knows
i| someone. ..), butno one knows much about
| them. It is common knowledge that no
+ wraith will interrupt a Ferryman on his jour-
ney, and even the Legions give them free passage. They sweep
the Byways clean of Spectral incursions and keep the paths to
the Far Shores and Stygia safe,

but claim allegiance with neither
Hierarchy, Heretics nor Renegades. Nobody knows where they
come from, where they are going, or why they wander endlessly.

The Ferrymen were originally created and empowered by
Charon in the heady days before the Stygian Republic. Charging
them to see souls safely to the Far Shores and Transcendence,
Charon did his job too well; when the surviving Ferrymen felt
that Charon had departed from their original, shared mission, the
a and be-

came independent agents. Now they travel the Byways and

vast majority turned their back on the Emperor of Sty;

Shadowlands, bound on unknowable missions.

Often, Ferrymen will pause in their journeys to take on passen-
gers, While they may not convey their guests to their destination:

quickly as some might like, Ferrymen will protect them to the point
of self-destruction; the safety of another's soul is something they
take very seriously. Moreover, Ferrymen have an unstained repu-
tation for fearlessness and honesty, and the word of one of these
cowled wanderers is as good as truth anywhere in the Shadowlands.

*  Ferrymen always demand a price for their aid, whether it
be an oath, an Artifact or a task. Breaking a promise made to
a Ferryman marks the oathbreaker for eternity, and will sub-

ject a wraith to his justice.

And Three More

These so-called "Lesser Guilds" are not con-
sidered the social equals of the original 13, a dis-
like that members of these Guilds return in equal
measure. Whether actively hunted, merely dis-
liked or simply condescended to, these Guilds
are eternally tagged with lesser status.

Already banned from Stygia when the Break-
ing went into effect, the Solicitors had
a reputation of being more of a hermetic cz
than a Guild. Their Arcanos, Intimation, with
its powers over desires and hatreds, was one of
the most sought-after by clients, but its purchase
came with terrible risks. Those who sought out
the Solictors to become their customers could
easily become their victims as well. Well befor
the Breaking, the Guild was driven out of Stygia,
and even from the company of the other Guilds.
Today, Solicitors are still unwelcome in social
situations, but not so unwelcome that individual
wraiths will not seek their

pensive services.

he Alchemists, an offshoot of the Artifi-
cers, sought to understand the energy within ob-
jects and how to use that energy to inspire life in
non-living objects. Th ed in tandem with
the Artificers until the Breaking. They might
have continued in their researches despite the
circumstances, but pressure from enforcement of
the Dictum Mortuum clamped down tightly on

their activities. Like their other Guild brethren,
Alchemists supply:a service that wraiths can and
will pay for. A wraith wanting to strengthen a
Fetter or rot another's can often persuade him-
self to contact an Alchemist, drop a few oboli at
the designated point and rendezvous at such-and-
such a time to see the dirty deed done. Unlike
their fellow outcasts, the Alchemists still

friendly relationship with other Guilds, particu-

joya

larly their parent organization.

The Mnemoi once served as detectives for
the judiciary of Stygia, their memory-twisting
Arcanos allowing them to dig into a criminal's
mind to discover the whats and wherefores of a
crime. Unfortunately, greed corrupted the Guild,
and the elders took to selling their talents to the
highest bidders. When they were unmasked by

Tharon, the traitors were melted down and their
followers crushed. The Mnemoi, despised and
hunted, were driven far from Stygia. Now they
dwell in the darkest corners of the Necropoli, of-
fering their wares to carefully screen
So far beyond the pale of polite social contact
that any wraith worth his Corpus would rather
be smelted than deal with them, the Mnemoi are

1 clients.

one of the unpleasant facts of existence in the
Shadowlands. Everyone knows they're there, but

no one will admit it until they're needed.

Chapter Two: Setting


In addition to their legendary reputation for guiding questing
souls toward Transcendence, Ferrymen are powerful wraiths well-
schooled in combat and the Arcanoi. Beset by Spectres and beasts
of the Tempest every time they set forth, they are forced to conquer
as much as sojourn, and a weak Ferryman does not journey far.

All Ferrymen can be known by their cowls and scythes, which
they use to pole their relic rafts down Byways and across the Sunless

a. Each Ferryman is dressed in an identical black robe, and clutches
the weather-beaten wood of her scythe's handle with skeletally thin
fingers. It is said that Ferrymen's eyes glow in the presence of Spec-
tres, but most wraiths dismiss this as melodramatic legend.

qhe Guilds

The 13 Guilds more or less officially ree-
ognized by Charon's government were:

e Artificers — The soulforgers, skilled in

anos Inhabit.

¢ Chanteu Songsmiths of the dead,
users of the Keening Arcanos.

e Harbingers — Guides through the Tem-
pest, skilled in the Arcanos Argos.

¢ Haunters — Masters of Pandemonium,
the Haunters sow discord and weirdness.

° Ma

tainers, Masquers twist Corpora with Moliate

squers — Warriors, spies and enter-

¢ Monito nthe Lifeweb

Arcanos, Monitors work with F

Specializin
tters.
© Oracles — Those who read Fate's we
keeper of Fatalism's secrets.

¢ Pardoners — Those who confront Shad-
ows, Pardoners are masters of Castigate.

¢ Proctors — Blatantly violating the Dic-
tum Mortuum, the Proctors specialize in Embody.

¢ Puppeteers — Possessors of the living,
Puppeteers flaunt the Puppetry Arcanos.

¢ Sandmen — Weavers of dreams and
nightmares, the Sandmen know the secrets of
Phantasm.

e Spooks Telekinetically meddling
with the Skinlands, Spooks understand the

rcanos Outrage.

¢ Usurers — Feared for their abilities to

siphon Pathos and Corpus, Usurers practice

sury Arcanos.

Spectres

Gonna step outside

What's there to see?

Just one big shadow there to comfort me

— Oingo Boingo, "When the Lights Go Out"

very war has its casualties, and the war against
Oblivion is no exception. Wraiths whose
Shadows become dominant leave the
Shadowlands to dwell within the Tempest
and Labyrinth; these unclean spirits are col-
lectively known as Spectres. Servants of

Oblivion, most Spectres seek to make oth-
ers join in their torment. They work unceasingly toward the day
when the Void conquers all, but until that time comes, they're not
above having a little sadistic fun with any wraiths they come across.

Most wraiths know little about Spectres, other than that
they should be feared and hated. The Shadow-Eaten assault
Byw
struction. Few wraiths are interested in knowing more about

and Citadels, riding Maelstroms on missions of de-

them, except perhaps more and better ways to combat them.

Most terrifying of the bits of common knowledge about
Spectres is the fact that they seem to be able to speak directly to
a wraith's Shadow, working with it in unholy tandem. Spectres

often seem to know all of a wraith's weaknesses and fears, and

can sometimes empower the Shadow to a frightening extent.

There are rumors and hints of a vague society of Spectres
within the Labyrinth, but sociologically-minded explorers
have been few and far between. What is known is that some
Spectres do still retain their Fetters and therefore can in-
filtrate the Shadowlands.

Among the many castes of Spectres, the best-known include:

© Doppelgangers — Spectres who retain Fetters and a
relatively fair appearance, Doppelgangers turn their attentions
to subverting Citadels from within:

e Nephwracks — Still possessing Fetters but wrought
into monstrous forms by the Tempest, Nephwracks dwell in
the eternal storm and assault travelers. They rarely appear in
the Shadowlands, much to the relief of most wraiths.

¢ Shades — Nearly mindl
Shades are among the most potent Spectres found outside of
the Labyrinth. Shades tend to be twisted into forms that can
only be described as inhuman.

astonishingly powerful,

¢ Malfeans — The Priest-Kings of the Labyrinth, the
Malfeans are so powerful and evil as to be beyond the com-
Born,

prehension of an average wraith. Often called the Never-
Malfeans supposedly Glawled forth tom the Void-ar tie be-
ginning of time and have plotted, slumbered and warred
amongst themselves ever since.

More information on Spectres can be found on page 270.


Ch

ae
Popular History of Styea

Now Muses, whose high Genius hath guided my thoughts
and visions in the former, fleeting world of the flesh, reach
your beneficent hands through the sable Shroud that blan-
kets this non-world from all others, reveal to me the way of
truth, allow my humble stylus to chronicle the deeds of those
spirits, both mighty and base, that have brought this empire
to its present state.

n Life I was witness to visions great and
terrifying. I saw what I perceived to be
the afterworld, Heaven and Hell, and
the Way Between, the place of Purga-
tory. Uncountable legions of souls I saw,
their transgressions in Life laid raw and
bare before the justice of the Almighty:
kings and commoners, holy men and women, lovers and
fools, their unearthly souls stripped clean, flayed, dismem-
bered, submerged in lakes of fire and rivers of boiling pitch,
embedded in caverns of ice miles deep, their entrails ripped
from their bodies and chewed and swallowed whole by de-
mons and devils and fiendish, many-headed reptilian mon-
strosities, only to be reconstituted and have the entire dis-

gusting process repeat itself, again and again, over and over,
till the sound of the Last Trump.

But what I saw in the lowest levels of Hell and the most
revered spheres of Heaven was not enough to prepare me
for what I have seen over the last seven centuries and be-
yond. That of which I wrote in Life and the nightmares which
I endured could not gird me for this plane of existence; this
gray un-world; this living, and un-living, eternal arduous
dance to which we all are condemned.

For you, my fellow wraiths, I write this history. For the
truth have I traveled the twisted thoroughfares of this em-
pire, looked into the darkest places of its heart and played
the role of faithful scrivener of all I have learned. Where
others have shut their eyes and refused to see, I have gazed
into the sanctums of power and the sepulchers of Oblivion.
Where others have blocked their ears to the unceasing dirges
of this gloom-choked place, I have sat vigilant absorbing
their sounds. Look you well, reader, upon these words, and
know that what I have written I have written plain and un-
finished, the way things have been, and the way they are,
not as | or others would desire them to be.

se,

94


oF
54

4

"

|. The Dark Before Time

There was a time before time, before these shadowed realms
came into being. The legends speak of a world where the bounds
between living and dead were thinner than they are now, sepa-
rated by a flimsy arras through which the dead could pass back
into the living world. And the living could pass through this
insubstantial break to the world of the dead, to receive word of
their comrades' well-being on the other side of the void. Some
heroic personages came — Gilgamesh, Aeneas — these and
others risked the travails inherent in the crossing.

The Sundering

Then it was that a great rift appeared in the world, and
the realms of the living and the dead were forced apart in the
period known as the Sundering. The gash between the worlds
widened to an insurmountable degree, forcing a great Shroud
to be drawn twixt the two realms. The realms split into that
of the Quick, known thereafter as the Skinlands, and the Land
of the Dead, known also as the Underworld.

As this rip divided the two worlds, there was felt strong in the
Shadowlands the presence of Oblivion, a gruesome, furious rage
of nonbeing. It is not known from whence Oblivion came, but its
true self cannot be ignored, existing always to pull the weak and
the despairing into its blackness. The violence of the Sundering
birthed from Oblivion the first Malfeans, scaled and fanged and
burgeoning with hate and destruction, and loosed them. They dug
into the places below the Shadowlands, weaving and burrowing
their aimless angry selves until their hellish, maggot-like tunnel-
ing created their own prison, the Labyrinth, whose dreaded inter-
lacing of caverns leads nowhere but into the very core of Oblivion.

qhe Lady of Fate

It was also during the Sundering that the Lady of Fate
emerged from the chaos of the rift between the realms of
the Quick and the Dead, and read the skein of Fate and
foretold the coming of a great guide, a journeyer named
Charon, who would sail the River of Death and lead those
souls who had passed over the rift to the Far Shores in safety,
away from the minions of Oblivion.

ii. Charon

It was out of the dead of Mycenae that the great Charon
emerged to sire this grave realm. Having foreseen his coming,
the Lady of Fate welcomed him and presented unto him a
reed-boat to navigate the River of Death. Alone, Charon
sailed this turbulent waterway for many years, upstream and
down, knowing every cove, venturing into every inlet. He
came finally to the delta where the River ran to the wide
Sunless Sea, gorged with the viscera of stranded spirits. At
the delta of the River, the Isle of Sorrows rose up out of the

scents and brutal shores

depths, a jutting crag of perilou
dangerous for landing by normal crafts. But the Lady of Fate
guided Charon's tiny vessel safely to the shores of the Isle,

and appeared to him, her eyes outshining the dark firmament,
speaking to him in a voice as sweet as the tongues of angels:

Behold! After thee shall come the masses of Dead, a throng
continual who will wander the Shadow-lands with neither guid-
ance nor light, save with thine aid. And among these wandering
shalt thou find the Restless, still fettered to Life as thee. Learn well
the power of Life, that thou mayest use it even in Death. Thou
shalt take thy tithe from the Dead as they offer it, to brighten thine
own existence in this gray world. Help others to find their true light
within, that they mayest pass from this place and cross this Sea to
the Far Shores, where they mayest find their rest.

Imbued with the fire of the Lady's command, Charon sat
forth and presented himself to the wandering Dead in the
Shadowlands, and spoke of the Lady's vision to the miserable
race, and they acknowledged Charon as their leader. He guided
them down the River of Death toward the vast Sunless Se

and
taught the Dead to fashion their own reed-boats like his own, cut
from the clustering plants that grew among the marshes of the
River delta. Charon taught the Dead to sail the River and the
Sunless Sea to the Far Shores, and many of the Dead heard his
words and ventured across the great expanse to find their rest.

qhe Ferrymen

The Restless, foretold by the Lady of Fate, came to Charon,
and he taught them to pole the depths of the River, and the way
te its serpentine course through the Land of the Dead.
Some of the Restless heard Charon's words and followed him,

to

but others refused to heed his instruction, contenting themselves

to wander in faraway places, to court the tempters of Oblivion in

their own obstinacy. Some of the Restless also preferred to watch
over the Quick, becoming protectors of certain individuals or

families on the other side of the Shroud. Those Restless who
came to Charon to learn his teachings he bore a special love for,
for they were the ones who pledged themselves to assist Charon
in marshaling souls down the River of Death to the Sunless Sea.

During this time many souls ventured across the Sunless Se:
some of them so light they could float on the gentle winds that

moved over the face of the waters toward the Far Shores. But
Charon knew from the Lady of Fate's words that notall souls could
reach their eternal rest on their own; for this reason he took those
Restless who joined him and made of them Ferrymen, and the Isle
of Sorrows their meeting-place. Here on the Isle the Ferrymen
would gather to discuss their work and exchange ideas with one
another. They offered help to each other in exchange for small
telics and snatches of light gleaned from the recently dead, their
tithe afforded to them by Charon according to the words of the
Lady of Fate. They also banded together and swore an oath to
protect the souls in their charge and safeguard the world of the
Quick from those Restless who had tumed from Charon's ways
and set about to wreak unrest upon the living.

It was after the founding of the Ferrymen that the Laby-
rinth fir

vomited forth a litany of bizarre and grotesque Spec-
tres, whose fierce yells made tumult through the timeless night.
Hence the Ferrymen steadied themselves against the
nous assault, and redoubled their efforts to usher their flocks
around these beasts and to the Sunless Sea.

copho-

Soon after the eruption from Oblivion, several of the Fer-
the Sunless Sea themsely
all the way to these lands of tranquil-

, to estab-

rymen embarked acros
lish a route to ferry souls

lity. These Ferrymen were called the Shining Ones, for their
explorations illuminated the way for others to find the far-off
lands. Charon was saddened to see the Shining Ones go, but
knew that their actions would help to make the passage to eter-

nal rest all the easier for those who would come after.

The first Descent and the Coming of Nhudri

The Lady of Fate appeared to Charon a second time, after

the Shining Ones left his company to find routes to the Far
Shores, and prevailed upon him to descend into the Labyrinth
and to confront the vast Utter Darkness beneath, the Shadow
of Oblivion, the unc

ing dismal entity that forever seeks to
sate its hunger on the food of living souls. Charon heard the
Lady's words, and traveled to the Veinous Stair, its bloody-
veined marble steps pulsing with Oblivion's wrath. With only
his
to the Labyrinth. It is unknown for how long Charon made his

the and lantern, Charon entered upon that savage path

y through the constrictions of the nether-maze, his lantern

qhe Labyrinth

"The descent to Averno is easy," quoth
Virgil. The descent to the Labyrinth is even
easier, and all the more horrifying, for it is
found in every moment of degradation and
calumny, every feeling of despondency and
worthlessness. Its entrances can be found
anywhere, sometimes in the remotest of
places in Stygia, sometimes in broad daylight
on a heavily trafficked pathway. Descent is
wherever and whenever our darker side stabs
forth into plain view, buffeting our psyche
with its Harrowings, the damnable mental
games of our Shadows. The Labyrinth teems
with Spectres, ever willing to pierce thesouls
of the unfortunates who grope their way
through its underground veins, goading the

wretches further and further on.

Chapter Two: Setting 61

Ps
cy

a ek

qhe Oath of the Ferrymen

Based upon the mandate given Charon by the
Lady of Fate; the Great. Oath of the Ferrymen
was conceived by the first group of Restless who
heard the message of Charon. It goes as follows:

I pledge myself as an instrument of safe and
secure passage for any and all souls who seeketh
aid to reach the Far Shores:

I pledge myself to the propagation of the words
of our great leader Charon, whose stewardship over
this realm was given him by the Lady of Fate.

I pledge myself to hold fast as a bulwark of
defense for the Shroud that divideth this world from
the former, and to ensure the safety of those in the
Land of the Quick from those deluded elements in
the Land of the Dead, who would work to rend
the fabric of the Shroud, and upset the passage of
souls from the former world to ours for their own
selfish purposes.

I also pledge to steel myself against the ever-
present threat of Oblivion and its agents, to.thwart
the actions of those inimical to the peaceful guid-
ance of souls to their eternal rest, and to sacrific
my soul if necessary in the defense of this realm
from the powers of darkness and entropy that seek
to feed upon the innocentand the weak

I pledge these things and all of their worth and
import to our leader Charon and the guardian of
this world, the Lady of Fate. By Charon's Oar and
the Lady's words shall I find strength and wisdom

The phrase in the last sentence, "By
Charon's Oar," is used by all Ferrymen as a hail
and farewell, in both verbal and written com-
munications, and it has passed into the Stygian
vernacular as the highest oath a wraith can give
to another, being used on all official Imperial
documents to guarantee their authenticity. It
is said that breaking this oath will render a
wraith marked for the Ferrymen's justice.

— From Sunless Somethings and Grand High
Whatchamacallits: A History of Stygian Vernacular
and Slang, by Everett Edward Fotheringay, d. 1964

Wraith: The Oblivion

the sole pinpoint of light in that hideous place. The Ferrymen,
bound by their self-made oath, faithfully patrolled the River of
Death, shepherding souls to the Sunless Sea and wondering of
their mentor's fate. Sounds of a great battle could be heard from
the chasm that housed the Veinous Stair, but no Ferryman was
brave enough to descend.

Finally, Charon ascended from that dolorous chasm, his eyes
burning bright as the lantern he held, and he brought with him an
ancient smith-wraith called Nhudri who had dwelt as a prisoner
of Oblivion. Nhudri was long-experienced in the art of the forge,
using for his material the stuff of souls, and Charon placed in him
the power and responsibility of shaping it in the Shadowlands.

qhe Return of the Shining Ones

After Charon returned from the Labyrinth, he sailed the River
of Death in his reed-boat to the Isle of Sorrows, and summoned
the Ferrymen to the Isle by a great horn. When those sentinels
came to the Isle, Charon told of his time below, and that he con-
fronted the Utter Darkness and saw that Oblivion was growing.
Charon told his Ferrymen of a great Pit, where the souls of those
unheeded and unwatched, and many of the Restless who refused
to become Ferrymen and took to their separate pilgrimages to the
Far Shores, were whirled down into the Void below.

Charon chided his Ferrymen for being lax in their duty to-
ward the souls in the Shadowlands, and they resolved to heed his
words and redouble their efforts toward the safeguarding of souls.
Many vigilant Ferrymen set off for all compass-points, in search of
a defense against the encroaching threat. After these Ferrymen
left, those who had journeyed to find the Far Shores, the Shining

Ones, returned. They came to Charon, telling stories of great Halls
of the Dead, where fallen warriors and virtuous men and women
of all walks of life feasted together. They told Charon that the Far
Shores were real places, filled with wraiths who had found the

inner peace for which they had for so long struggled.

li the Founding of the Empire

Armed with the knowledge gained by the Shining Ones,

Charon again boarded his reed-boat and sailed alone across
the Sunless Sea, following the charts provided him by those
Ferrymen who had traversed it before him and found the Far
Shores. Charon was gone for many years, during which the
Ferrymen still kept their vigilance against the enemy Oblivion.

When the great Republic in the Skinlands was founded at
Rome, Charon returned from the Far Shores, bearing seven great
signs from those Shining Ones who had stz
Sea and had taken into their custody those varied realms. By these
signs was Charon given power over the dead, the lone magistrate

yed across the Sunless

empowered to judge and mete out the fate of all souls who came
and would come to the Shadowlands. Charon took these signs
seven, and placed them into a great iron tablet in the Shadowlands.
By their authority he created the comerstone of a new City, the
Seat Eternal, the eye of civilization in this Underworld of the Dead.

The Building ofthe city

Upon the cornerstone of the seven signs of the Shining Ones
did Charon start to build his City. From Sodom and Gomorrah,
Egypt, Jericho, Babylon, Ilium and Athens and Sparta, from these

fallen desolate citadels Charon gleaned the strongest stones and

constructed a wondrous fortress on the Isle of Sorrows. Charon
built his City in the fashion of the great cities of Athens and
Rome: long broad avenues, massive squares, towering pillared
structures and monuments to those fallen Ferrymen whose sacri-
fices helped bring the Dead to this new bastion of peace. In the
center of the City stood a towering lighthouse, perched atop the
highest promontory on the Isle, into which Charon placed the
lantern he used in the Labyrinth during his First Descent. The

jity (which was called
thenceforth Stygia), serving witness to the great deeds of Charon

lantern would shine and illuminate the

and heralding to all souls the promise of safety.

qhe Republic

Charon instituted Stygia's first government along the model

of the Roman Republic. This grand Republic of Stygia had a Sen-
ate of seven seats, filled by Charon with seven of his most trusted
lieutenants. Each Senator was given control over a diffe

ent part
of the world of the Dead, with Charon acting as Consul. The
Senate's first act was to grant land near the docks that spilled out
onto the Sunless Sea to the Shining Ones, which they could use
to build their temples as vestibules in which the Dead could gather
before setting off on their journey to the Far Shores.

The Senate also received emissaries from the Dark Kingdoms,
faraway realms which, like Stygia, ruled over the Dead of the Ori-
ent and the African continent. Often did Charon and the Sena-
tors meet and negotiate with the Ivory Queen, monarch of the
Dark Kingdom of Ivory which ruled over Africa, and marvel at
the sight of the emissaries of the Jade Emperor, ruler of the Dark
Kingdom of Jade, cutting through the Sunless Sea to the Isle of
Sorrows on a wondrous sleek barge of the purest green jade,

The Pax Romana and the Stygian Golden Age

As the great empire in Rome in the Land of the Quick pros-
althy
young republic under Charon's tutelage. It is not untoward to

pered under the Caesars, so did Si mature into a hi

declare that these first few centuries under the leadership of
Charon were a golden age in Stygia, years when this tiny outpost
at the mouth of the River of Death, sole citadel against Oblivion,
grew into a just society of the Dead through Charon's works.
Asallowed him by the Lady of Fate, Charon took tithe from all
of the Dead who passed over into the Shadowlands, requiring two
coins for passage down the River of Death; to ensure that the tithe:
were paid, those who died without payment were required to forfeit
their eyes or hands. Wraiths did pass over without payment, and

paid the appropriate corporeal sacrifice, but as word spread across
the Shroud into the world of the Quick, few who died were not
buried without the death-price of two coins pressed into their eyes.

Stygia

Built upon the seven tallest hills on the Isle of
Stygia the city has transformed throu,

nturies, the original fortress established
aron only barely peeking its skeleton out
from the contemporary jumble of mismatched ar-
itecture. If it is true that a city is not only a
collection of buildings and people, but a living,
breathing entity, then Stygia is both the best and
worst example of this. As civilizations and em-
pires have risen and fallen, and the consequences
of these watershed events in the history of the
Quick have been felt in the Shadowlands, Stygia
itself has changed with them, often abruptly and
violently. Streets have widened and narrowed
even as the waters of a flooding river overflow
their banks and then recede. Monuments and
buildings have had their structures stretched and
compacted by the engine of history. It is not an
uncommon sight to venture upon a building dat-
ing back to the Republic's time and see a patch-
work of architectural styles: here, classical pil-
lars; there, flying buttresses; over there, Palladian
windows; around back, filigreed rococo tops jux-
taposed with bauhaus sterility; all colliding in a
white noise of building and engineering styles
that could exist nowhere else.

The aftershocks of the various Maelstroms
and civil unrests in Stygia have also taken their
toll on the framework of buildings; many of
the great seats of governmental power have
had their places of work razed by battles and
pockets of rampaging Spectres. Rebuilding and
repair are delicate un kings; many of the
oldest structures are Relics composed of stone
unattainable in this world, which forces repair
and remodeling to be accomplished by ham-
mered soul-bricks. To call the end result eerie
would be an understatement — to call it terri
fying would be very close to the truth.

— From The Municipal Metamorph: Being
A History of Urban Renewal in Stygia, by
Quentin Andrew Macaulay, d. 1905.

Chapter Two: Setting


Charon took all the tithes given him and gave them to the
smith Nhudri, and bade him create the first weapons and armor in
Stygia. Nhudri obeyed, and created three objects with his tithe-ore:
Siklos, Charon's blade and rod of office; Lumen, Charon's lantern,
the first one being used to light the great beacon in the center of
Stygia; and, on Charon's orders, the Masks of the Senators. At this,
Nhudri took a piece from each Mask he had forged, and re-smelted
the metal into a Mask for Charon, to show the Senators and all
wraiths that Charon was a part of them, and they a part of Charon,
in the great struggle against the pull of the darkness below.

With Nhudri's aid, Charon built a massive network of roads
throughout the Shadowlands, cutting through the turgid black-
ness that was the primordial Tempest, all leading to the Sunless
Sea. For Charon knew that Oblivion was growing, cracking
and fissuring into the Shadowlands in the forms of baleful Spec-
tres, and he knew well that if the denizens of the Shadowlands
were to find salvation, he would need to secure it. As the glory
of Rome spread in the Skinlands, Charon directed Nhudri to
follow the mortal legions, laying down roads that webbed Stygia
to the Sunless Sea. Charon's roads led to Britain and Gaul,
Rome, Thrace, Jerusalem and Damascus, Egypt and Armenia
and Iberia wart Roman militias, felled in battles for the
sake of the Empire, became soldiers in the Stygian ranks. They

escorted the Ferrymen along these newly paved thoroughfares,
ever alert for the presence of Spectres.

Lux Veritatis

Charon's second great pronouncement as Consul was the
doctrine of Lux Veritatis, the Light of Truth. By this doctrine, Stygia
pledged itself to the collection and p ation of the great works
of humanity. All were beholden to collect, wheresoever it be found,
the finest art and sculpture, the great works and thoughts of antiq-
uity, where it would be brought to the City and stored deep within
the archival vaults underneath the Senate. For Charon remem-
bered the Lady's words, and took them to heart — Oblivion must

be fought wherever it occurred, be it on the battlefield or in the
mind. Charon believed that through the precept of Lux Veritatis,
the best and wisest thoughts of Life would help the Restless Dead
find the peace they so deeply desired.

IV. The fall of the Republic

Charon had ventured into the Shadowlands at its incep-
tion, a land formless, teeming with tumultuary Nihils. Alone
did he travel the River of Death, and alone he, war-scarred,
emerged as one chosen to bring order to this unwanted place.
From this nothingness wrought he a great City on seven hills,
this un-world's complement to the grandeur of Rome. From
desperate, wandering souls did Charon find brave Ferrymen
to guide the Restless to the Far Shores and defend the Repub-
lic against Oblivion. From a rickety outpost set atop the crags
of the Isle of Sorrows did Charon found a Republic that served
as this world's lodestar to the blessedness of Transcendence.

Wraith: The Oblivion

s L

qhe Renegades
Yet even as the Republic stood against Oblivion, all was not well
in the Shadowlands. The first crumblings of the great empire of the
Quick in Rome appeared, and were felt in this world. As living mal-
contents and rebels rose up against Rome and were crushed, they
passed over into the Shadowlands, and gorged their appetites of
bitterness and discontent on what they saw as a Rome of dead. Too
proud, too insolent to accept defeat with death, they carried their
grievances against the leadership of Charon, becoming the first Ren-
egades. Roaming Charon's highways like wolfish scavengers, they
attacked Ferrymen in their transport of souls to the Far Shores. Cara-
vans of souls were intercepted and broken up, leaving innocents
blindly groping, the easiest prey for Spectres. Hearing of the Ren-
egades' actions, Charon forthwith instituted a band of cavalry sol-
diers, called Equitees, and empowered them to escort Ferrymen along
the roads of the Shadowlands. These death-knights would serve to
police Charon's highways. They would maintain the integrity of the
Ferrymen's caravans against these new violents against the order
cteated by Charon from the beneficence of the Lady of Fate.

Decline and Fall

It came to be that the once-Eternal City of Rome soon
fell to the lot of all things that by mortal hands are made. An

empire on seven hills, once ageless, fell into decrepitude.

Amidst the chaos of the toppling, those who followed
the Christ soon came to the Shadowlands. These Fishers came
to the Sunless Sea, and constructed their own vessels from
the driftwood that collected on the shore. They eschewed the
Ferrymen's guidance and instead set off for "Paradise," a Far
Shore unknown to Charon or any of his Ferrymen.

The End of the World As They Knew it

...it erupted from the earth like a great shrieking

black wave, vomiting forth from the Veinous Stair and
all of the other portals, its abominable stench of misery

The earth shook and

bottomless chasms that led straight down

roiling upward into the gray sky

into Oblivion, which swallowed thousands of innocent
souls. The highways built by Nhudri and his appren

s broke apart, and the palpable heat from the dark
ness melted the soul-bricks into fiery tails of pitch. The
River of Death did boil, and burned the Ferrymen's crafts
vhich sailed it, and 5 that had ridden the great

rectres
infen outs up from below cascaded down the
unpassable River, many-headed and scaled thin,

ing forth their disgusting inner filth

— From the journal of Datian Severus, Ferryman


The first Great Maelstrom

As the Empire of the Quick teetered on its brink, the unrest
crossed over to the Shadowlands and made itself plain among all
wraiths. Many talked of seeing larger numbers of Spectres, with
their glowing hateful eyes. The Shadow-Eaten appeared more in
every conceivable corner, sowing hatred and destruction and
Oblivion. Itsoon came that they crossed over into the Land of the
Quick, Skinriding the untamed tribes as they descended upon
Rome itself. Upon death, the spirits of these barbarians crossed
over into the Shadowlands. Seeing another Rome in Charon's
Republic, they attacked it as well, with Spectres following in their
path like wild rooting boars. Equites were summoned to defend
Stygia; Ferrymen laid down their oars and punting-poles and took
up weapons against the marauders. Even Charon himself appeared
on the battlefield, his blade Siklos cutting swathes through the
invaders' ranks. Many brave Legionnaires fell, but the invaders
were no match for Charon and his men and were pushed back.
Sadly, the ensuing siege laid upon Stygia by the accompanying Spec-
tres tested the strengths of Charon's great City to their utmost.

In the Year of Our Lord 476, the city of Rome fell to the
invading barbarians. Its great temples and places of learning
and government were destroyed, its populace beaten down,
killed or enslaved. Building after building appeared in the
Shadowlands, packed with droves of Restless. The chaos that
ensued proved too much for Charon and his Ferrymen to handle
themselves, try as they might to shepherd souls to the Far Shores.

At the height of the madness, a great bellowing was heard
from deep within the Labyrinth, and Charon knew from whence
it came His sentries rang the great alarm gongs, vainly resound-
ing the approach of the darkest hour to date — the eruption of
the First Great Maelstrom.

The Maelstrom left a burning shambles of Stygia and its
environs, but the direst situation occurred when the Spectres,
gravitating toward the destruction like jackals starved of misery,
attacked the Isle of Sorrows. None were able to prevent their
breach of the walls as they spread throughout the citadel like
plague rats, dashing monuments, razing temples and mansions,
and even putting the Onyx Tower to the torch. Fortunate it was
that Charon had vacated his palace to meet the hellish legions
on the field of battle, where he and his Ferrymen, through sheer
power of will, managed to grasp victory and save the City.

Ah, but what a victory! The City of the Dead a hollow bumt
husk! The River of Death dammed up and its polluted waters over-
flowing its banks! The glorious roads, once connecting all the
Shadowlands to the departure-points of the Far Shores, ripped up
and broken! And the odor of sad acrid sacrifice! Charon looked out
over the battlefields, seeing Oblivion claim his brave Ferrymen, and
he did weep for them, for the courage they showed. Charon saw his
Republic dying, his Senate destroyed, his wraiths huddling together
in their upper rooms and hiding-places in dread fear of another at-
tack, or turning Renegade, rutting in the Darkness for the garbage
brought up by the Maelstrom. And he did weep for them, for them
all, to the man, and Charon knew well that, once again, he alone


SAY ISIOJ[NOS }S.ATJ OY] OF
soujtMoado pur uvurdsiia, ‘soprydony —

*]]!M Joaou pure ou sary |
MOUY | ‘UdOSIO} JOU sey ay ains ayinb we |
"adi0f 10U OG] :splom aaryA Buldes
‘ypou sueul sunod ayj punore y1 paoeyd apy "ureyo
uly) & 0} YW paypsene pue uloo ayy dn payoid
LIPNyN ‘saawy sty OF paysneyxe |jaj ueU SuNOA
ay) ured aya paddoys ay se pue ‘sndiod pelea
-yeq sue sunod ayp asnop 03 uiseyd jo Jassaa B
yYysnojg LpNYyNY "WEY UAAIs pou aya Woy UI0S
[Jeuls & Ino UDyeaq peY ay [UN aqueY> aya Ino
-ysnoryp SuIpunosar ays Yeo ‘pasouurey pure
passuuey UOasO SITY "Ysayj UNO sy UO UMOP
7YySloM SurUWep $71 Sug pue Jawurey rou sty dn
aye] uRUSYPY oy? apeur yey; ‘asesiA ajqepeas
"uN sIy Ul Yoo] SurlstuosduwosuN awos ‘pny
qus}oue oy) jo sada yuR]G aya ul Suryiautos
SPM d1OYI ING "sIyI Ing JEM Jo Isaq Jayyo Aue Jo}
JNYNIY PO sya YA surpeayd sado sty "ursod
-O1d sey oy UONRTNU-J]9s DY} Ie Jolfoqsip TeIO}
Ul PNY 3 payooy uew sunod ayy ‘asaya ind
sea yeyp ssosd-utod dyi OyUT sndiod UMO sIY Jo
adaid v suey UOaSO\sIIYy SuNOA ayy apeq pue
WU dy? 01 IX9U UIOD UBIBAIS 9UO IO} aIeTdUUIDI B
paoeyd uayp op *oyeus poanfur ue oy] AsIaa pue
WAOJOp OF SuTUUISoq Apeolye adeys svi "wae oy
poised 11 Uo puke ySo]q-suryarus ay O2 UeUT BUNA
aY2 pay 9H{ ‘soweyy aya Jo ano ‘passassod Surya
B O¥I] SUIMOTS "We s,a14]OoR aya pay[nd pnyN
‘Aqusaja UR pouaas YM Joye ‘ATPeULy

uoIAT}gO aul -yyIeN

"‘BUISULY) JdA0U ade} ploryd sty
pue ]ye Ie wry Sulayiog Jou Ieey ay? ‘aly ay2
ulyIM Isej UW PfPYy UpAyN ang ‘ewe yjnd 03 sur
-Ax) Jappnoys aya ye yo we sty paddy Ajrvau pue
payoueim pue paisiaa apf ‘sm UO UT ]]R} pynoar
joor Araa aya aysnoy | yeya AjoyuN os yarrys
B INO Ja] YaaH) Sunod ay] ‘aojoq usvas Joaou
pey | S1o]O9 JugTNAIA sour ap jo sapeys ysnoryy
‘pauind W Joqysiig pure Joqypsug ‘ssejs eB ysnorm)
1YsI] UeYA J94se} SIOJ[OD pasueyd puey s.14jode
Sunod ayy se yusuTYstuoyse ayajdurod uy yore
Ayu pynos | ‘asaya 7 pjey oy sy
dy) OFU! FI AsNzYyA pue we Yay] sue SUNOA aU

} suizeyq

pozias pny vata pure ‘puey ys! sty Ul 00] pal]
-]NsuN ‘MAU sy YOO) UOHaso su *adI1OJ ay] Jo
IYSI] tp Uy Surea]s pray ypejq paysijod si sau
wey UMO sty PWM ao1QUaIdde SunoA siy paiuas
-aid usy) pue ‘Ajpopueyyjo ysowye ‘ssurquinut
dnskw aiow spew EpnyN J yy ayL
souids Aw jo yorg aya uMop
appa Alsuaqul suLayIoUs $31 yay J atoms | YA
dyslay B YyoNs o} sweLL ay dn padwind pur ‘sMo]
-]9q aya Yoo puke sdopyxAy jo aseq ayp 02 YoUy
LpnyN ‘suoneyueRsuT pue ssuriazNuUl a1!OYD Moy
B day ‘sea shemye 1 se ‘Apros oy) ie JowUeYy
uaqeaq-[10y sty "uonedionue ul pooys LipnyN
IoyNIY Ys pursg sya assioyy ‘sdopyxAy
BIO} ATepuase] 2Y) 0} preasoy days ‘uonasolisliiy
powreu uerusyry ue ‘914]09e BUNOA at Aves |

Bulsuoyog

aye1 Warp apeq pure ‘spojyeaq] jo uoNejadde aya pamorsaq
ay woym uodn ‘soyeUIag UDAas sTY PouteIaI pue IoIsdug j]9s
"wily payje> UoreYyD ‘sresaed ay jo saydwexa ay wWoly
Ape] ay? JO spiom ay 03 ann suidaay ‘po jo
d1qnday ay2 jo suopepuno} aya uodn aying Ing ‘pyiom sural]
ay JO srapeay op Joye pousared ‘eisAig Mau ke jo suLjeW aya
JOUSUTUIOD PUE ‘][aM sIt MaUy UOIeYD "UTeSe I OUT aT] O2eI
-idse pjnoo siids ayp jo ]]1 ou pue ‘peap sem o1gnday pjo
aY_L ‘spue] ay2 peso] Uay? IYI sauOg peap ay Woy AID
siY p]inqaz 02 au ye INoge Ias UOIeYD Japea] 3213 ING

wyewuayy ay

Aid Mau suoreyD jo Aueduios aya ur Jaaysig 31q e
jo
sapese} Suryyey pue payoesd ayp "UOHEpUNo} Mou dy 02 ssaUITAL

ayL "uoIAlgo jo
sayenb ay jo pawoj sredsap ay jo ano dn asos a1 Jey Os ‘AID

a1ystens a[221] B pueas 0} pautdas uaAe sIBaA ArO/
poasas s1]qgnday pjo ay2 jo siamo} pasone

sly 1auNsaz UOIeYD Pip I] qGnday ayp jo sayse oy2 WoIy

olpaunsay jo By aU ‘\

SAIOYS Jey BY JO Jeos ayp 40} sisanb statp uy Adayes pue adeed puy
pyc AA SsapAsayy ap yeaewp "OIC 3yaq 2u0 ap ueyl quely}ug a10ul pue

Jasuons ‘e1sag Mau e "QID Mau B pying pue preauo} dais pynom


stewardship over the different groups of souls that came to
them. Each Deathlord was given authority over certain
wraiths, according to the manner of their deaths: the elderly;
the weak and sick; the victims of violence, both self-inflicted
and otherwise; the wretches caught in the cruelty of nature;
all were presided over by their respective Deathlord.

The Equitzes and Legions became the first great army
of Stygia, as Charon entrusted to them the primary task of
safeguarding the City and the surrounding lands, allowing
the reconstruction of the Empire to go on unabated. So
precious was the revival of Stygia to stand against Oblivion,
and the necessity for its regrowth to continue unhindered,
that the ranks of Legions and Equitaes quickly swelled to
formidable numbers, their rank and file a great panorama
of determination and bravery.

The Ferrymen were outraged at Charon's doings, refusing
toserve anyone who called himself Emperor. Many resigned their
commissions, breaking their oaths and refusing to ferry spirits to
the new Deathlords. In frustration and rage, Charon banished
the deserters, ordering their names stricken from all records, their
awards stripped, their claims invalid. The Ferrymen were bound
to protect souls against Oblivion; if they would not honor their
oath to Stygia and the world of the Dead, they would have to
survive the Darkness alone. In light of their hard hearts, Charon
had the disruptive Ferrymen banished from the Isle of Sor
rows. Many turned Renegade, or set off for the Far Shores, or
surrendered themselves to Oblivion in final bellicose defiance.

Decades passed, and Stygia was slowly rebuilt. But it
proved a grueling task, for great storms wracked Stygia, the
effluvia of the Maelstrom still beating down its everlasting
rage. Wild Renegades built hamlets along the crashing River
and the slashed-up roads, seeking to avoid or defy the author-
ity of Charon and spreading discontent. As the belief in the
Christ grew in the living world and the pagan gods' days wound
to a close, the Shining Ones found their power dwindling
also. The Shroud was breached by malicious and spiteful
wraiths, who appeared to frightened mortals as purulent dev-
ils, demanding tribute and sacrifice.

Rebuilding and Reform

It came after centuries that the last of the Spectres spewed
forth by the First Maelstrom was destroyed or driven back
into the tearful kiln of the Labyrinth, and Charon stepped
forward to honor those who had fought for Stygia during the
Spectre attacks, and who had stayed vigilant and true against
these hellish agents after the fall of the Republic. Charon in-
stituted the Imperial Order of the Sickle, and bestowed it upon
all those who had fought on the side of the Republic, includ-
ing those Equitaes and Ferrymen who had not deserted Stygia
after its walls had tumbled to the Spectres. Many joined with
Charon in praising the deeds of these brave warriors, and soon
able wraiths were seen to join the ranks of those still-active
militia that continued to patrol the Shadowlands, hoping one
day to be received as a member of the Order.

Charon set about during this time to rebuilding the
facades of his once-proud City. Nhudri and his apprentices
worked feverishly at the forge to repair the roads and the build-
ings. They put up new structures, including a new sea wall
around the Isle of Sorrows and the rebuilding of the great
Onyx Tower. The fleeting nature of life in the Skinlands sup-
plied Stygia with many hands for labor, laying roads or recov-
ering antiquities lost in the Maelstrom's torrent.

It was during the rebuilding that the Fishers came to make
themselves known in the Underworld. The Fishers' Golden Ship,
by which they made transport to their Far Shore of Paradise, was
seen frequently off the coast of the Isle of Sorrows, taking on its
cargoes of hopeful wraiths. The Fishers also built a great Temple
on one of the hills of the Isle of Sorrows, within the great new
walls of the City. They came to Charon and demanded that he
tithe to their Temple. Charon heard them, but refused to do so,
sayingthat he served the Lady of Fate and the world of Death
as a whole, and not the Far Shores. The two sides met and
spoke at length, and Charon made a wise proposal to the Fish-
ers, that if they tithed the Relics which they collected, Charon
would give all the incoming souls who sought Paradise unto
the care of the Fishers. This agreement, called the Treaty of
Paradise, served to bring order and cooperation in Stygia be-
tween the new Empire and the ever-growing number of Fishers.

qhe hierarchy

The Holy Crusades in the Land of the Quick allowed
thousands of wraiths, both Christian and Moor alike, to pass
through the Shroud and enter the Shadowlands, bound fast
by their faith and collected by the Legions as they fell on
battlefields and i:

siege-towns. It was not an uncommon sight

in those times to see the paradox of Christians and Moors on
the one hand still attempting to fight each other in this world,
but also assisting Nhudri and his followers in repairing and

The steeds ofthe Legions

Normally, animal spirits do not journey
across the Shroud. There has been only one
exception in the Stygian Deadlands: the great
black stallions that once roamed the fens of the
River of Death. Tamed in antiquity by Ck
himself, th
as the steeds of the Deathlords and the elite

iron

have served for time out of mind

Legionnaires called Equitas. Oddly enough,
these horses neither feed nor Slumber, and none
know how they have sustained themselves over
the centuries. What is known is that they are
swift as the wind, deadly in combat, and ut-

terly loyal to their chosen masters.

The Code of the Dead

The Dictum

was created by Charon to halt the abuse of

tuum, or Code of the Dead,

wraith power that had profligated in the Dark
/ Although it is volumes long, its essence
can be summed up in. the preamble, of which a
portion is reprinted here:

1, Charon, Emperor of Stygia, by the power of
the words of the Lady of Fate, do hereby set these
laws down that they may serve to bring order be.
tween this world and the former; that no wraith
under any circumstances for any reason is to pen-
etrate the barrier that divideth the Land of the Dead
from the Land of the Quick; to en

with those that have not yet passed over, or speak

ye IN Congress

to the Quick of events yet to come; or in any way,
shape or form harass, threaten, injure or otherwise
compel those in the Land of the Quick to do the
bidding of those in the Land of the Dead; or impart
upon those in the Land of the Quick any desire or
compunction to take a life, be it their own or that
of another, in order to effect the passing over of one
or more to the Land of the Dead, be they friend or
foe, parent, child or lover

From Q.A. Macaulay, ch. 7, ibid

laying new roads, or even joining the ranks of Stygian militia,
their differences cast away, fighting side by side against roving
pockets of Renegades and Spectres.

As the structure of life in the former world changed, so
too did Charon re-make the Empire of Stygia in the fashion
of the ways of the kingdoms of Europe. He thus founded the
Hierarchy, and based it upon the customs and mores of the
Quick kingdoms, whereby wraiths could know their place in
this world as they had in the former, and not be led into the
haunting temptations of Oblivion. Thus the Hierarchy was
formed, with Charon and his Deathlords at the pinnacle, fol-
lowed by the Legions and Knights (those once called the
Equitas), and those Ferrymen still loyal to Charon. The low-
est place was filled by those called Thralls, serf-wraiths bound
in chains of Stygian steel, usable as slaves or payment in kind
among the various members of the new upper class.

As the kingdoms of the Quick set about to organize the
various trades and craftsmen into societies for the protection
and propagation of their crafts among each other and the gen-
eral populace, Charon too set about to organize those wraiths
ssed of special Arcanoi, that they would find themselves

Wraith: The Oblivion

possi

68

a part of Stygian society and be protected from outsiders.
Freewraiths with certain talents and influences were seen to
join the membership of these various Guilds, which served to
check the use of their talents and power in this world and the
former. The Guilds found themselves a place in the Hierar-
chy, below that of the Knights and Legions.

qhe Second Great Maelstrom

In the Year of Our Lord 1347, a great Plague descended upon
the kingdoms of Europe, claiming scores upon scores upon scores
of lives; heedful to neither prince nor peasant, the Plague took
hold of whole families, entire villages, littering the landscape
with the fetid air of death and disease. Souls began to pass through
the Shroud at an alarming rate which heralded the coming of a
second Maelstrom, brought on by the huge increase of suffering.
Wraiths amassed in the Shadowlands, classes and trades mixing
one with another in a fashion that would never have been toler-
ated in the former world. Many of them still bore the scars and
lesions of the wasting disease that had brought them hence.

This time, Stygia did not fall. Charon and the new Hier-
archy appeared as familiar sights to the new wraiths, assuring
them thus of their accustomed roles in the Shadowlands. The
great sea wall held firm, the roads did not crack and hiss, the
Equitas and wraith-Knights cut quickly and efficiently
through the Spectres unleashed. With the new wraiths com-
ing in numbers unheard of, Charon set himself to a census of
all of the subjects of Stygia, and took tithes therefrom to help
the Empire grow to meet the demands of these new spirits.

Revolt and Treason

The tithe incensed the leader of the Fishers, called the
Archbishop, who had audience with Charon. He demanded
that the Emperor reduce the amount asked of the Fishers, who
had grown to represent the largest single group of wraiths in
Stygia, with their own Crusader-knights and Death-bishops.
Charon saw the power of the Fishers, and knew that they
could become a threat to the commerce of souls to the Far
Shores, for the Fisher agents had employed dubious means
and spoken half-truths to souls in order to swell their ranks.
Charon refused to accede, ordering the disbanding of the Cru-
sader-knights, and doubling the Fishers' fee.

For many months the Fishers' Temple stood dark atop
the hill on the outskirts of Stygia, patrolled by recalcitrant
Crusaders openly defying the words of Charon. Then it came
to pass that the Crusaders formed a division of soldiers and
marched on the Onyx Tower, attacking the palace guard of
Equitaes. Unbeknownst to the Crusaders, however, one of their
own number was unwilling to go along with his arrogant com-
rades. He had stolen away and betrayed their coming to the
Equitzes, who fortified themselves against the approaching
horde, and routed them, stripping them from their mounts
and hanging them from burning chains atop the high light-
house. There, these traitors' bodies burned for seven days.


Charon and his Equitaes traveled to the Fishers' Temple,
and found therein great stores of treasure and relics, promised
him by the Fishers, but hidden in direct violation of the Treaty
of Paradise. Angered by such lawle Charon sent his most
trusted Knights to the Far Shores to speak with the Shining

Ones who resided there, and issued an order that all Shining
Ones who resided upon the Isle of Sorrows were to depart for
the Far Shores by the next tide.

Time passed, and the great tide-gong on the Isle was heard
to sound across the hills. From all ports and docks, in every boat,
skiff and raft available, the Shining Ones left the Isle of Sorrows
in the great Evacuation. All crafts crammed to bursting, the Shin-

ing Ones put out across the Sunless Sea for the Far Shores, clutch-
ing all they could carry, away from the great City, seen only by

the light of the barrow-flames inflicted upon their temples

The Heretics

It came that the Knights returned from their journey
across the Sunless Sea, and their hearts were confused and
sad, for they brought back news of the most horrible nature to
Charon. The Far Shores were not as they had once been, no
longer wondrous realms of tranquillity. The Shining Ones had
forsaken the words of Charon and the Lady of Fate, and aban-
doned their duties over the Far Shores, extracting eternal
obedience from the desperate, binding souls in torment and
suffering in their mad, whimsical brutality. And the masses of

uncared-for souls, the hopeful that had risked the Sunless Sea
seeking deliverance, throngs herded into kraals and long ig-
nored! To think that for centuries these greed-swelled mon-
sters had refused the promised lands to their charges, so that
none had found Transcendence, was a great weight upon
Charon's heart. He had trusted these Shining Ones, some of
them the first Ferrymen, and they had betrayed him, all for
the heady drunkenness of fleeting, isolated power.

Charon retired into his inner chambers, and nothing was
heard of him for weeks. Many in Stygia feared the worst, that
the news of the actions of the Shining Ones had despaired him
so much that he was forever lost to Oblivion. Finally, Charon
appeared on his balcony, and addressed Stygia with the Procla-
mation of Reason, damning the Shining Ones and their ilk for
all time to come: Whereas the Ferrymen called Shining Ones hath
broken their Oath to shepherd souls to the realms of Transcendence;
hath forsaken their duty to stand against Oblivion and instead have

abused and tormented innocent souls for their own purposes; hath
conspired to deceive, entice and proselytize inimical words to lead
the unsuspecting away from the true light within; we will no longer
grant them audience, nor safe passage, nor assistance in the
Shadowlands. We do therefore brand the Shining Ones and all of
their own Heretics, and by the words of the Lady of Fate we do
pledge ourselves to their final and ultimate eradication

To enforce this Proclamation of Reason, a great Coun-
cil of Inquisitors was formed, the Magisterium Veritatis, mod-
eled upon the agency of the Church in Europe, its agents

Chapter Two: Setting 69


empowered to root up and destroy all Heretics and their in-
fluences. Its branch militant, the Order of the Unlidded Eye
(also known as the "Grim Riders"), roamed the roads and
the River of Death, searching for all pernicious influences.

Charon did not forbid those souls who still sought Tran-
scendence from making their own way to the Far Shores,
but, alas, what hope did these travelers have? What hope
did any soul have, if those whom Charon had trusted all
those centuries ago, whom he had met with, had sailed with,
had proved traitors to him?

Vi. The Time of Discordance

As Shining Ones transgressed, Fishers attacked, Heretics
figged at authority's font, the world of the Shadowlands was
sicklied over with a pall of mistrust and bile. The unwillingness
to follow the words of Charon and the Lady of Fate led many
wraiths to rebel, dwelling as cursing voices in the Darkness.

The Besieged City

As the Proclamation branded all Shining Ones with the
curse Heretic, the atmosphere in Stygia began to strain under
the force of external unrest. Charon found himself ruler of a
City harried upon all flanks. Renegades lived wild outside the
City walls, floating down the River of Death and hounding
the few loyal Ferrymen left. Heretics prowled the unlit places,
spreading their noisome doctrines. Citizens of Stygia stole
furtive glances at each other, and in fear turned over neigh-
bors, friends and kin to Inquisitors. Only the brave or fool-
hardy were seen to venture outside the City walls, and soon
Stygia filled to its bounds with wraiths. Soul-trade slowed to
a trickle; no boats left for the Far Shores. The Empire had
folded in upon itself, a cowering foetus, burrowing farther and
farther into its womb-walls. From this sprang three Abomi-
nations, the first from without, the next from within, and the
last from the most horrid of agents imaginable.

The First Abomination happened in the early A.D. 1500s,
as the Renegades amassed on the banks of the River delta and
attacked, storming the walls of Stygia. Bravely did Charon
and his Equitzes fight, but the panic brought on by the Ren-
egades' assault allowed the invaders to storm the Onyx Tower
and raid its Artifacts, seizing among other antiquities the Spear
of Longinus, the lance that pierced the side of Christ at His
hour of death. The Renegades would have pillaged the whole
store of sacred objects, had not the ultimate sacrifice of many
of Charon's best and most trusted Knights pushed the invad-
ers back and out of the City.

The Second Abomination came from within Stygia, and
was the Breaking of the Guilds. It came about that certain
vain Guildmasters, seeing the unrest and fear that followed
the assault of the Renegades, machinated to revolt and wrest
control of the City from Charon and his Deathlords. On the
morn of the sixth day of April, in the Year of Our Lord 1598,

the Guilds conspired to attempt an usurpation of power in
the City. Yet, as rebellion and treachery soweth the seeds of
their own destruction, it came about that the quarrelsome
Guildailinked tovethenibyvonlyie tentiousichaincofrevalt
soon found that chain to be a garrote of defeat. Scores of

including the original ap-
prentices of Nhudri, the Three who had helped build the
great roads of the Empire.

Guild members were destroye

The Third Abomination was the most foul in its nature
It was in the Land of the Quick that the peoples of Europe
began an age of exploration, with brave mariners from all the
kingdoms sailing the vast Atlantic to find a New World, re-

turning with strange gifts and tales of undiscovered lands and
new races of Man, Charon and his Deathlords heard of this
New World, and sent emissaries across the Tempest to learn
more of this new kingdom. Soon reports came back of a whole
new Dark Kingdom of Obsidian, ruled by one Ix Chel, presid-
ing over the wraiths in this New World.

But Heretics and Renegades, seeking to flee the righteous
force of the Inquisitors, also came to the Kingdom of Obsidian,
Skinriding the crews that left Iberian ports. They descended
upon the Obsidian lands as hate and fear grew strong within
them. Soon their Shadows overtook them, and they made war
with the Obsidian wraiths. Decades and decades of slaughter
and atrocities gashed the Obsidian lands; reports of wholesale
butchery by Heretics and Renegades reached Charon and the
Deathlords. And then, all violence stopped. Ix Chel and his
wraiths had been hurled into Oblivion, their race massacred,
their Kingdom destroyed in this, the Flaying. Emissaries to the
Obsidian lands were horrified. The Third Abomination had
cision of an entire Kingdom from the face of

occurred, the e»

the Shadowlands. The Heretics had committed their greatest
crime. They had savaged an innocent world, clawed and pierced

out its insides. It could be called bestial, if beasts were

such dark thoughts. But it was clear that the bloodied paws of
the human animal had painted this ghastly mural.

qhe Third Great Maelstrom

The Three Abominations built one upon each other, and

again the ground quaked, the earth split, and another Mael-
strom was loosed. It thundered down from all directions, on
all parts of the Shadowlands, a sweeping banshee over the
Sunless Sea. Out of the abyss blew foul weathers, whirlwinds
smothering the whole of the Empire; overhead the hollow

seas closed up, and all were plunged into darkness.

It left a world jostled, an empire torn and frayed. The Tem-
pest had turned crazed; it overflowed everything, separating Stygia
from the rest of the Shadowlands. A vile Spectre, called
Coldheart, led divisions of his infernal kind out of the cracks,
gobbling the hatred left by the Renegades, the Heretics and the
rebellious Guilds. He and his minions fear-choked the old River
of Death so that it w:

abandoned by the remaining Ferrymen,
who chose to use the great roads rather than chance the River.

The Time of the Flaying

hed the shores of the (Jbsidian

orld, Our small landing-crafl was

wamped by gh waves before we even

reached the e could see the

f smoke billowing upward into noth

and see the landscape ablaze with the black

‘aelst and how the land hissed and burned

can describe it now, it goves so deeply al me
y y

he great temples thal were rubble. She seething

from eve

From the log of the Sojourner, Henry

oore, Captain

The Shroud thickened and widened; wraiths attempting to poke
through were rebuffed. Arcanoi faltered, spirits weakened.

It was the price of hate, the folly of power, the savagery
of rebellion, that brought the Third Great Maelstrom upon
the Shadowlands. Now the atrocities of past evils surrounded
the Shadowlands, wafted through Stygia on prevailing gusts
of wind, settled upon all like an oily mist from the surface of
the eddied ubiquity of the Tempest. Now all was encased in a
patina of darkness, all drenched in the hateful slime of the Tem-
pest. And all this madness had been wrought by wraith hands.

Vii. the Last Three Hundred Years

Enlightenment came to the Land of the Quick; the king-
doms of Europe reaping full fruits of their seeds of knowledge, no
longer prone to ascribe the workings of the world to unseen imps

and spontaneous, specious logic. Charon once again left the Onyx
Tower and moved among the City of Stygia and the wraiths of the
Empire, taking his cue from the changes in the Skinlands to rise
up after the tremendous jumbling left from the Third Maelstrom.

As science took the throne from superstition in the
Skinlands, so too did Charon order that Stygia modify to gain
advantage against her enemies and Oblivion. All Freewraiths,
bound to allegiance to Charon after the Second Abomina-

Chapter Two: Setting

a

tion had caused all Guilds to be outlawed, were allowed to
carry swords of soulsteel, symbol of their allegiance and man-
date of their duty to fight Oblivion wherever it occurred.
Charon also took it upon himself to move through the
avenues of Stygia the City, collecting the wastrels, the true
Restless — those who entered the Land of the Dead bearing
only slight Passions. Charon arrested Oblivion's pull and

made Thralls of these undistinguished. As Industry swept
across the kingdoms of Europe, in the Shadowlands Thralls
were seen mining the death ore from the rock of the Veinous
Stair, furnishing Kyklops with raw material to fashion the
machinery of the Empire. Even as the Thralls tired, no longer
able to toil for Stygia, Charon kept them from the maw of
the Utter Darkness by binding them over to the forges, where
they themselves were hammered into necessary things.

qhe first Necropolis

As the damage done by the Third Maelstrom had forever
scrambled the Land of the Dead, turning the River of Death
impassable and breaking many of the bridges that had: bound
the outer parts of the Shadowlands to Stygia, Charon found
that citiesneeded to be established outside of Stygia, cities where

The Practice of Thrall

Many have railed against the practice of
using Thralls, calling them tantamount to
slaves. In the years of upheaval in the
World, such critics have grown louder and
more vociferous. They call Thralls exploited,
purposely labored to insensibility, and then
made to suffer the ultimate iniquity of being
forged. They call Charon's doctrine bestial in
the extreme for initiating this practi

But such is far from veracity. Shall we let
these drifting shades ride the whirlpool into the
ultimate void of Oblivion, and let the Da'
ness be strengthened? Shall we turn a blind eye
to Spectres bursting up out of the Darkness to
gobble these unfortunates whole, shall we shut
our ears and hold our tongues when we are
: ? Our great lord
an inch to Oblivion.

beholden to cry,
Char

He gave these wastre

noug
n refused to giv
, these dismal compa-
nies of wretched spirits whose lives knew nei-
ther praise nor infamy, an alternative to total
destruction by the most primeval maleficence.
Would that there were more like him.

the main bodies of wraiths could be collected, sanctuaries for
newly arrived souls to keep them from becoming prey to the
things lurking in the all-encompassing Tempest. Charon went
then to his Legions, and bade them found a Citadel of the Dead,
a Necropolis, to act as a guiding-place for the Restless.

The first Necropolis was set in London, and served to
ease the distending of the walls of Stygia, which was fast be-
coming gorged with unmanageable numbers of wraiths. Her-
etics and Renegades tried to destroy the new Citadel, but the
Legions proved far too powerful for them. Fiercely they routed
all attacks on the Citadel, which soon became the bastion of
the Empire in the Shadowlands. Soon another Necropolis was
founded, at Rome, and then another at Paris, and others soon
sprang up all over the Shadowlands. The so-called Fifth Le-
gion ventured to the New World to found a Necropolis at
New Amsterdam, and defended it against the Heretic and
Renegade detritus of the Third Abomination. Necropoli at
Boston and Philadelphia and other places were soon founded
by other Legionnaires as they came to cleanse the

Shadowlands of its plague of non-believers and rebels.

qhe Age of industry

Industry grew, as did the Necropoli, becoming great clear-
ing houses for souls, loading them onto great store-carriages and
carting them to the Deathlords, who would glean their charges
according to their deaths in the Land of the Quick. Great men
of science lived, and died, and brought their talents and discov-
eries to the Empire. Soon the face of Stygia changed again, be-
coming a land of engines, of coaches on rails, of boom-sticks.
And great iron ships were soon seen on the Tempest waters,
launched from new ports on the Isle of Sorrows that had once
been the temples of the Shining Ones. Massive behemoths they

were, slicing through the muddled currents and carrying their
cargoes of souls from Necropolis ports to Stygia the City.

As the face of the Empire changed, so too did the char-
acter of its populace. Many in the grip of Industry, forsaking
the faiths of their ancestors for the new, unchallengeable de-
ity of fact, died without strong Passions. Their shades barely
passed through the Shroud, flitting aimlessly in the
Shadowlands, pure fuel for Oblivion. Soon the Veinous Stair
crowded with new Thralls, toiling feverishly away at the
death-rock. Their tailings rose along the coastline like great
mountains of despondency, and the fires of the forges glowed
white-hot with the smelting of their drained Corpora.

But such advance cost Charon, and cost all the denizens
of the Empire. The Shroud did thicken to impenetrable de-
in this anti-place,
s himself seen visit-

grees, virtually imprisoning the Restle:
severed from the living world. Charon wv
ing the portals to the Land of the Quick, catching those new
wraiths whose ties to the Quick gave them points at which to
break the Shroud, and forthwith making them members of
the Hierarchy in Necropoli where their threads to the
Skinlands would not be easily broken.


y
f @ ee #.
SPV My
a gg?

And then the impossible became truth.
upon himself to travel to the Shadowlands, and as he reached
the realm separated from Stygia by the Tempest, he began to
fade away, to discorporate. Aware of the danger,
turned to Stygia. He told no one of this event, not even Nhudri,

Sharon re-

but entrusted a handful of loyal Inquisitors to discover the truth.
As they searched for an answer, other elevated Hierarchs fell
to the same fate, Deathlords and Legionnaires and Ferrymen
s. It then hap-
pened that the Inquisitors discovered the cause: Charon's Fet-
ters had been destroyed, along with those of the Deathlords
and many Legionnaires. The Lord of Death himself could no

all fading as they drew closer to the Shadowlar

longer walk among those whom he was entrusted to protect.
The Deathlords fell to squabbling amongst themselves, accus-
ing one another of purposely destroying each other's Fetters to
make themselves more powerful. Legionnaires, frustrated, put
it down to Heretics and Renegades, and set out in brute squads
to rid the landscape of them.

And so it happened that our lord Charon, Emperor of Stygia,
Guardian of the Shadowlands and Protector of the Restless, re-
tired himself into the Onyx Tower in what was to be known as
the Second Descent. The Deathlords became the de facto rulers
of the Empire, forming a hegemony over the Necropoli, which
became self-autonomous cities continually supplying souls to
Stygia. The Empire continued on as before, but without the cus-
tomary, fatherly eye of Charon, it seemed a far grayer time.

Modernity

Alas, without the active presence of Charon as gover-
nor, the Empire started to weaken. The Deathlords became
petty tyrants, unable to show effective leadership, willing and
then unwilling their wills, changing their minds with each
prevailing wind that swept across the broad avenues of Stygia
the C
scendence just to stack souls upon souls, needlessly compet-

y. They pimped and huckstered the promises of Tran-

ing amongst themselves to grasp at more power as their soul-
charges suffered.

qhe Fourth Great Maelstrom

On the first day of August in the Year of Our Lord 1914, the
lands of Europe began the First World War. It would last for four
years whole, producing great fields of havoc and bloody butcher-
ies. Europe's streams ran red, and battles filled the Citadels of the
Shadowlands with the litanies of supposed brave and advanced
men. These soldiers came in whole divisions, bearing the scars of
their deaths upon their Corpora, the names of their doom-places
tolling as great bells: Ypres, Gallipoli, the Somme. ... Choked by
mustard-gas and felled by the new machine-guns, the new Rest-
less boarded railed carriages from the Necropoli of France and
the Low Countries and made the doleful journeys to Stygia. The
Hierarchy became a great hopper for souls, herding them along
to the City Stygia in constant flow.

Chapter Two: Setting B


Soon it was such that the old walls of Stygia the City could
no longer contain the numbers of Restless that came after the
First World War. Ere long, great bridges of Stygian iron were
seen to stick out over the City's great walls, linking the City to
the surrounding Iron Hills, where huge towers were quickly
erected to house these new dead. One could stand on any high
point in the City and see cargoes of wraiths moving along the

railed bridges to these massive armories of the dead.

And as peace came to the Land of the Quick, again a
Maelstrom moved across the land, as the gorging of the Empire
with such dead whipped up the hell-winds of Oblivion. The
storm drove the Hierarchy into its Citadels, huddling and shield-
ing themselves from the torrents of deathly hail and rain and
anguished screams of Spectres. The Maelstrom buffeted Stygia
the City, breaking against the old walls and lashing its fury

against the new iron walkways, but the City survived, its tow-
ers and structures polished by the winds toa mirrored brilliance.

Necropoli invaded

But if Stygia the City survived, the various Necropoli did not
fare as well, as Spectres unleashed by the chaos found the new
roads to the Citadels in the Shadowlands. They went in amidst
those living therein, and broke through the Shroud to skinride in
mortal cities. Spectres seeped through into the Necropoli of New
York and Chicago and other places, infesting the underworld ele-
ments and sparking the fires of crime and murder. Whole sections
of mortal cities became fields of battle for Spectres, who annihi-
lated rivals of their own kind and sometimes fought each other in
the roles of the mortals whom they latched onto, killing each other
for the experience of death and misery.

And after the First World War, the merchant houses of Eu-
rope and America collapsed, and a great Depression settled upon
the hemisphere in the Land of the Quick. It cast many out of their
trades and homes, forcing destitution, sowing untold misery as the
Spectres reveled in the force of the people's hurt and sorrow.

Charon Emerges

Charon emerged from his self-imposed exile in the Onyx Tower,
and looked upon the Empire. He saw the chaos in the Necropoli,
and the Spectres rampaging through the mortal lands, and he of-
fered bounty to any and all wraiths who would go out and destroy
the Spectres, and bring back their ears, their teeth, or other suitably

convincing parts of these foul beasts. And thus were founded the
Doomslayers, hunters for bounty of all Spectres in the Necropoli.

The War of the Dead

Spectres also wormed around the capitals of Europe, and
their invisible dances were present in the downfall of the czar
in Russia, and the slaughter in Spain, and in the misery of the
people of Germany. There one called Hitler worked on his
people's insecurities and plunged the kingdoms of Europe into
another clash on the battlefields, and again thousands upon

74 Wraith: The Oblivion

It makes me shiver to the bone to re
I saw of the Restless during the Second World
War.

there

Along with the legions of the men of war,
yegan to appear in the Shadowlands scores
upon scores of other wraiths, from the outer

alms of Poland and Russia, whole families of
men and women and babes and elder grandpar-
ents. They came, and came, and would not stop
coming, breaching the Shroud, naked, heads

shaved, scarred and cut and whipped and bro-

ken. TI
And there was an abhorrence in the air when
they came, a stink of burning.

eir arrowy shrieks pierced me through.

They were the children of Abraham, of
oses and David and Solomon. They were all
coming to the Shadowlands, and no one knew
why. And then we discovered why, and I was
chilled like the fantastical hell-ice | had envi-
sioned in life. They were being killed, slaugh
tered whole, their bodies stacked in rotting
heaps and carted into great charnel-houses
where they were burned. That was the burn
ing in the air, and it would not go away. |

p the

looked upon them all, and breathed «

stink of hate, and remembered the time of the
Abomination, when the Heretics and Ren-
egades had done the Flaying upon the Obsid-
ian lands and erased a people. 1 could not
fathom sucha thing could ever happen again.
I was horribly, horribly wrong. Who shall tell
of these agonies, heaped thick and new before

our shuddering glance?

thousands of wraiths were sent through the feeders of the
Necropoli in the Second World War.

War also came to the Pacific, and Charon saw fit to make
war upon the Jade Emperor, who had made attacks upon cer-
tain Necropoli. Great warships, dreadnoughts of Stygian iron,
sailed the Tempest and did battle with the jade ships of the
Dark Kingdom. The Tempest washed with the broken bodies
of ships, and the skies exploded with the sound of their mis-

siles, a contest for the fate of all thos
die thousands of miles from the Isle of Sorrows, that they might

Stygian souls who would

be delivered to the aegis of Charon's great City.


The fith Great Maelstrom

The Second World War lasted for several years, filling
the Shadowlands with souls from places with names of Anzio,
Okinawa and Normandy. And then it happened that a new
weapon was created, an explosive that caught the very build-
ing-block of life, and turned it around and perverted it, mak-
ing it the ultimate instrument of death. Two of these explo-
sives were used, at places named Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
When they were exploded, the roar and shock could be felt
all the way through the Shroud into the Shadowlands. The
flames of a million suns illuminated the dark skies of the
Empire for a brief second, before the Labyrinth screamed as
one being and again split open, releasing the Fifth Maelstrom.

The Fifth Maelstrom was by far the harshest, for it billowed
across the skies with such heat and intensity that any caught in
its path immediately were sucked down into Oblivion. And af-
ter the main storm subsided, thousands of lesser Maelstroms were
seen to break out across the land, sending many souls screaming
into the Darkness below. None could travel from Stygia to the
Shadowlands, by roads or rails or rivers, for the abundance of
storms. Spectres appeared everywhere and flung themselves at
the Necropoli. The Citadels became tiny outposts fighting for
their very survival in the torrent-wracked Shadowlands.

Gorool

The destruction wrought by these new explosives, which
twisted the power of life into unspeakable death, had created
a Maelstrom that shook loose the Labyrinth and released an
ancient Malfean from its depths, a beast called Gorool. This
vile giant rose up from the depths of the Tempest, strength-
ened by the storms and death, unfurling his stinging tail and
polluting the whole wide world. All ships sent out to fight
this demon were destroyed, as the beast smashed weapons and
crafts and consumed whole the crews. Charon saw this pesti-
lential thing, as it threatened to devour the entirety of Stygia,
and went to the Deathlords and Necropoli for help, but none
came. None would accompany Charon against the creature,
none would endanger their seats of power by leaving them.

And so it was that Charon put aside his Mask, and picked
up Siklos his blade, and set out in his tiny reed-boat, as he
had done so many centuries ago, to face the spawn of Oblivion
alone. As Charon sailed into the Weeping Bay, he first saw
Gorool, the great wormy beast gaping its mouths with all fangs
a-gloat, clutching and rending the souls it had captured. And
Charon attacked the beast, drawing its baleful shadow away
from his beloved City Stygia, and opened a great whirlpool in
the Sunless Sea. It was then that Charon managed his Third
Descent, and flung himself and his craft down into the great
eddy as the beast Gorool followed him. As Stygia watched,
the whirlpool closed, and neither the beast nor Charon
emerged from the depths of the Sunless Sea.

Epilogue
O great Stygia, shining beacon in the grayness, | weep for
thee, I weep for all of my fellow wraiths, now cursed to live in a
world without Charon. His disappearance has been felt from the
first instant when the great whirlpool closed on that fateful day.
Spectres have run rampant after the Third Descent, gleeful in
the knowledge of Charon's disappearance; their infernal cackling has
been heard in the jungles of Indochina, on the burning sands of Persia |
and Arabia. They have been seen smirking over the new plague in}
the Land of the Quick, called AIDS, and have watched mortals
waste away painfully with perverse amusement. The Hierarchs have
finally accepted the danger of these monsters, calling general alarms
for all wraiths to ferret out and vanquish these foul underworld devils. },

The Deathlords have realized that Charon has been gone, (\/f-
and sadly may be forever, and seen that they now must show {)
some leadership. But the soul-traffic has been slow, and the
Deathlords sit in the great Senate building, and worry and rail
against the treacherous Anacreons but do nothing: a league of
frightened men, their masks hiding far more than their identities. ¥

And what of you and I, my fellow wraiths? What is to be
done? The skies are darker than ever now; Maelstroms build up
and unleash their accursed downpour. Heretics still spew their
poison, Renegades attack and destroy the roads, dam the River,
and abduct us for their own ends. Some souls even die in the
Skinlands with such violence and horror that they are instantly
changed to Spectres. The long sad themes drive me hard, and
everywhere the truth outstrips my staggering pen.

Indeed, what of you and I? What hope is there?

It is in our numbers, my fellow wraiths, in our hearts and
minds, in the fealty we show to the memory of Charon and the
Lady of Fate. Look about you, my fellow wraiths, look about you at
the great City of Stygia, at its storehouses of learning and wonder.
Look well about you at what was once nothing, so long ago, a QF
formless wasteland, before the coming of Charon. Remember the ()
words of the Lady of Fate. Look well at what Charon has done for} /
us, and continues to do for us, so long as we keep his memory and_ { :
his ideals alive among us. Charon gave us, all of us, this world, that
it might stand against the Utter Darkness and defeat it, that all
may find their final peace. It is our true light within that Charon
has tapped, a great reservoir of vivifying hope, where we shall find
the final rest for our wandering selves. We must steel ourselves to
keep alive the hope within. The bitterest woe of woes is to see
around us the corruption and danger and mourn for the old happy
times. Such fatal reminisces will surely make us fodder for Oblivion.

Here I cannot be silent, Readers. Hear me swear to you, as you
go through this world, do not forget hope. Feed it, nourish it, con-
join with one another and encourage it, make it a powerful, lively
thing. Do not forget the words of Charon, or the Lady of Fate, who
have promised for us the path to eternal peace. I charge thee all, be
faithful to the great goal, and there shall we all find Transcendence.

By Charon's Oar.
Dante A tigheri
Chapter Two: Setting ip)
See :

Barghests

A tightening sensation of fear

grips me by the throat and gets
steadily stronger as | stare at the old
man's glowing eye, Less than 20 fect
separate us, but I have the unnery-
ing impression that he is somehow
insubstantial, that he might not re-
ally even be there.

"Who are you?" J ask, once I
can no Jonger bear the lengthening
silence: "Where am I? What the hell
is going on?"

The only response the old
man gives is a dry snort of laugh-
ter, but then, as though reacting
to a sound which I can't hear, he
stiffens and casts.a wary glance
over his left shoulder.

"Tt's not safe out here at night.
I can tell you that much," the old
man says softly.

"And just where is here?" |
make no attempt to disguise the ner-
yous quayer in my voice.

The old man turns slowly and
faces me again. His face is in
shadow, but his eye is shining like
its lit from within.

"Maybe you'll recognize it

come morning," he says, sniffing

with laughter. "Although, truth to
tell, it doesn't get all that much
brighter around these parts even
when the sun's out."

T am suddenly filled with a vio-
lent urge to grab this man by the throat
and throttle him until he tells me ev-
erything he knows. Instead, I clench
my fists tightly and manage to con-
trol the hot rush of anger that sweeps
through me with surprising force.

"No need to get all hostile
about it," the old man says calmly
as though reading my mind. "I'm
fust trying to help you out... if you
want it."

"I don't need your help," 1 say,
my voice still tight with anger. "All I
want is for you to tell me where] am."

"Why, youre in the
Shadowlands," the old man says.
"You're dead, but I figured you al-
ready knew that."

Dead!

I dont know if I say the word
out Joud or merely think it, but
once again, a paper-thin voice deep
in my mind whispers the word
Oblivion.

The old man glances warily
over his shoulder, and this time I

hear something, too — a faint

echoing sound of dogs, baying in
the night.

"TH bet they're coming this
way, too," the old man says. He
snorts as he looks at me. "Maybe
they smell the new meat."

I look past the old man, trying
to sec what is making such a hor
tible noise, but the night is too dark,
too dense. | can't see anything be-
yond the dull glow of the
streetlamps, which disappear like a
string of Christmas tree lights into
the misty distance.

"You can come with me, if
you'd like," the old man says. "But
whether you do or not, I'd suggest
you don't get caught outside when
they get here."

"What are...they?"

"Barghests," the old man says,
and I'm pretty sure] hear a tremor
in his voice. "The Legions of the
Hierarchy use them. Intimidation
patrols, mostly, but sometimes they
drag the barghests out to hunt."

T feel compelled to ask him
what they hunt, but I'm afraid I al-
ready know.

They hunt "new meat."

The old man turns and starts
walking away; moving slowly toward

-


=

one of the dark buildings across the
street. His left leg drags behind him,
leaving a scalloped trail in the dirt.

"You coming or not?" the old

man calls out, but I stay where am."

The baying is definitely getting
closer. It echoes from the surround-
ing buildings, sounding like a pack
of wolves howling inside'a narrow
stone canyon.

"The streets aren't safe, I tell

you," the old man calls back to me:

over his shoulder just before he dis-
appears into the darkened doorway
of one of the buildings. Like an ap-
parition, he fades from view, leav-
ing the distinct impression that he
had never really been there.

The howling sounds, though,
they're all too real. Angry howls and
snarling cries fill the night. They
seem to be coming at me from cy-
ety direction at once.

I glance across the street to the

building where the old man disap-

* peared and feel the urge to run after

him, but still even with the threat

‘of these barghests bearing down on

ine — I hesitate.

T have no idea whether or not
I cam trust the old man, and the
truth is, I'd much rather fend for
myself. | may not realize the full
extent.of the danger here, but I'm
willing to take my chances alone
in one of the other buildings. Just
like in life after Sarah left me, I
prefer to be alone. I figure, once
the sun comes up, I'll have a chance
to look around and figure out what
the hell is going on. Of course, that
plan is based my surviving the rest
of the night. Seeking shelter starts
to look like a very good idea.

Off to my left, not more than
a hundred yards down the street, |
see a building that strikes me as
vaguely familiar. I can't place it, but
I no longer care. The howling
sounds are almost deafening now.

After casting a quick glance over

_ my shoulder, I start running toward

the building. My footsteps echo
from. the pavement like distant
gunshots.

Just before I duck inside the
shadowed doorway, | look back

into the street and Sce...something.

I'm not sure what it is — what
they are.

Under the glow of the
streetlights, a writhing mass of
huge, indistinguishable shapes ap-
pears, as black as holes punched in
the night. The chorus of their wail-
ing cries is so loud it hurts my ears.
Behind them is a huge shadow,
holding what can only be a leash,
and he's howling as loud as the
hounds he's running.

I'm trembling with fear as 1
feel my way through the darkness
to the back of the building.
Rubble litters the floor, tripping
me on nearly every step. When |
bump into the far wall, I turn
around and slide slowly to the
floor. Still trembling as though
gripped by fever, I sit hunched up
with my arms wrapped tightly
around my legs.

Lost as I am in the darkness,
I realize that my only hope is that
these barghests — whatever they
are — won't see or smell me hid-
ing in here.

I close my eyes and start to pray.



Then came the churches, then came the schools,
Then came the lawyers, then came the rules.
—Dire Straits, "Telegraph Road"

raith is a game, like chess, baseball or

poker, and like any other game it has rules.

Its rules exist so that people can play it

without spending too much time arguing

about what goes on. You know the scene

—"Bang! Bang! You're dead!" "Am not!"

"Are too!" The rules in this chapter pro-

vide a structure for all the players of the game to follow, hope-
fully avoiding as many arguments as possible.

The basic rules of Wraith are simple and should only take

a short time to master. However, many permutations of these

tules exist, allowing you to tinker with them to your satisfac-

Cras

tion. You need only learn the basic rules at first; later you may
decide which variations work best for your game. In Wraith
the story is always the most important aspect of the game and
the rules come second, no matter what. Thus, Wraith's rules
are pretty abstract; use them as you see fit.

It should always be remembered that the rules are for
the most part suggestions. Be warned, though — the more
you depart from the basic rules the more open to debate your
game becomes. Don't feel constrained by the systems this
book offers, but be prepared to get flexible if the rules go out
the window. (See Chapter Seven for more about
Storytelling).

Chapter Three: Rules 79


= amet J

\

Rules and Storytelling

Storytelling games are very different from most other
games in that "winning" is not the objective. In fact, there
are no winners and losers — only players. Even if your char-
acter should "die" during the course of a story, you haven't
lost; as long as you've enjoyed playing, you're still a winner.

Although it may sometimes be hard to tell, the play-
ers and the Storyteller are not adversaries — they are col-
laborators. The players and the Storyteller work together
to weave a tale. Over time several of these tales may link
together to create an even larger story known as a
chronicle, but it all stems from cooperation between play-
ers and their Storyteller. Furthermore, there is no official
end to a game. Once begun, it goes on until the story
comes to an end or the session ends. The next time the
players gather, the action can pick up right where it left
off, just like it's an on-going TV series or a new chapter
in a novel.

Because the goal of storytelling is to create a story
rather than to win, the rules are less important than they
are in other games. In Wraith, the rules should support the
story rather than govern it. By playing this game, you are
entering a new world, one of your own creation. You should
never let something as petty as a rule spoil your fun.

The rules of this game have been designed to be
simple, yet still take the vast possibilities of this complex
setting into account. The players and the Storyteller
should feel free to experiment, using what rules work for
them and discarding the rest. You can always create rules
of your own, though always remember to be consistent
with everyone in your troupe. The Storyteller should be
the final arbitrator in such matters, and should feel free
to approve rules changes so long as they make sense for
the troupe.

qhe Golden Rule

The most important rule of Wraith is
what we call the Golden Rule. It can be
summed up as follows: If you don't like it,
don't use it. The most important part of the
game is the story. As a wise man once said,
all the rest is commentary. Feel free to use,

ignore or add commentary (in the form of
rules, creatures, Guilds, Arcanoi, Necropoli
atever else you feel appropriate) to your
heart's content; after all, it's your story.

or w

Time

Time is one of the first concepts you must understand
when playing Wraith. There are five different ways to de-
scribe divisions of time, progressing from the smallest unit
to the largest all-encompassing one.

¢ Turn — A tum is the smallest unit of time within a

game of Wraith, anywhere from three seconds to three min-

utes in length. A turn is enough time to take one action
(dis ed belo'

° Scene

ui!

One compact period of action and
roleplaying that takes place in a single location. A scene
can be compared to a scene in a movie or in a play. It takes
as few or as many turns as are necessary.

© Chapter — One independent part of a story, often
played in one game session, made up of scenes connected
by downtime.

© Story — A complete tale, with an introduction,
buildup and climax, that often takes several chapters to
complete

¢ Chronicle

the lives of the characters and perhaps a broadly conceived

A whole series of stories connected by

theme and plot. Your chronicle is the ongoing narrative your
troupe creates.

* Downtime — The period of time between scenes,
which characters can spend resting, recuperating or possibly
even learning new skills. Anytime the characters are not ac-
tively participating in a story it is considered to be downtime.

Rolling Dice

Wraith requires a few 10-sided dice, which you can
buy in any game store. If you're the Storyteller, you'll want
to have at least 10 dice all to yourself. Players may need
fewer dice, depending upon their characters' Attributes.
The system we use is a pretty simple one, although it may
seem complicated at first.

© Your character has a certain amount of dice in each
of her Traits (see below). These dots reflect how good she
is at certain things. When you (or, more precisely, your
character) take an action, you roll one die for every dot
she has in the Trait or Traits she's using.

© You'll want to roll a certain number of successes to
accomplish things. A success is when you match or ex-
ceed a difficulty number. This difficulty, which the Story-
teller assigns, is a number between 2 and 10 which re-

flects how hard the task is. The harder the task you're
trying to accomplish, the higher the difficulty of the roll.
It's that simple.

© Modifiers may add to or subtract from the difficulty
number on a roll, or affect the number of dice you have

in your Dice Pool. A + 1 difficulty, for example, adds 1 to
the difficulty number you must match. On the other hand,
subtracting one from your Dice Pool gives you one fewer
die to roll, making it harder to achieve the required num-
ber of successes.

© The more successes you roll, the better your charac-
ter does. On the other hand, if you don't roll any suce

ses,
your character fails at whatever she is attempting. If you
gain negative successes (also known as a botch), not only

does your character fail, but she does so spectacularly and

may suffer dire consequences.

That's it. The rest is all variations on this basic idea.

Having stolen a sack of oboli from a
group of Heretics, Erik is running for his
afterlife. Unfortunately, the Heretics have
cornered him on a rooftop, leaving him no
escape other than to attempt a leap across
The
determines that the difficulty for the leap
will be 7, and that Erik will need at least
three successes to land on his feet. He also
notes that the difficulty of the leap will be
raised by one (making the total difficulty
8) if
coins. More concerned about his safety than

to the neighboring building toryteller

srik tries to jump carrying the bag of
the oboli at this point, Erik flings the sack
over his shoulder at the oncoming Heretics
and leaps into the air
The Storyteller asks Erik to com-
bine his Strength and Athletics Traits
(since these seem the most appropri-
ate to the situation) and then roll to
see if he makes the jump. Erik has a 3
Strength and 2 Athletics, allowing him
to roll five dice. He rolls: 2, 3, 3,5
Since Erik only got one success the
Storyteller decides that he made it
most of the way, but is holding onto
he rooftop edge by his fingertips. For

tunately for Erik, the Heretics are too

busy picking up the scattered oboli to

worry about him — for now.


Actions

During the course of a story, characters will take many ac-
tions. Players may act out character conversations or describe
character actions to the Storyteller, just so long as the point gets
across. An action can be anything from having a simple conver-

sation to fighting for your life against a powerful Spectre.

walking across the street
All the Storyteller needs to
do is keep track of the character and what she's doing. How-

Many actions are automatic:

toward a warehouse, for instance

ever, if the character were attempting to sneak across the street
to a warehouse which was being guarded by several watchful
Legionnaires, the Storyteller might require a die roll to deter-
mine whether the character was spotted or not.

Trait Ratings

A character's Traits — his innate and learned abilities and
aptitudes — are defined by a number of dots. Each Trait has from
one to five dots, which describes that character's level of ability
in that particular Trait. One dot is amateurish, five is superb.

You should consider the normal human range to run from
one to three, with two being the average. However, some
people can have Traits of four (exceptional) or five (superb),
or even a Trait rating of zero.

82 Wraith: The Oblivion

x Abysmal 7
Poor

oe Average

eee Good

ooce Exceptional

°

e Superb
For each dot your character has in a particular Trait,
you get to roll one die. Thus, if you have four dots in

Strength, you would roll four dice when attempting a

Strength-related feat. If you have one dot in Perception,
you would roll one die when attempting to notice some-

ely roll just the number of dice

thing. However, you only
you have in an Attribute (your innate capabilities). Usu-
ally, you get to add the appropriate Attribute's number of
dice to the number you have in an Ability (things you know
and have learned).

So if the Storyteller wishes the players to see if their
characters notice the Reaper sneaking up behind them,
he would have them roll their Perception + Alertness (an
Attribute + an Ability). He would then assign a difficulty
ers would

for the roll, which would be the number the ple
need to get on each of the dice in order to gain successes.
The Storyteller might also decide that they need a cer-
es, depending upon how stealthy

tain number of succ
the Reaper is.


This combination of dice for Attributes and Abilities is called
a Dice Pool. This Pool is the total number of dice a player rolls in a
single turn, usually for a single action, though a player can divide his
Dice Pool if he wants his character to perform more than one
action (see "Multiple Actions and Splitting Dice Pools," below).
Some Traits (Willpower and Pathos, for example) have
both permanent and temporary ratings. The latter can go up
and down during a story, while the character's permanent rat-
ing usually stays the same. Most changes are marked in the
squares, which represent a character's current rating. A
character's Dice Pool in these Traits is usually based on his per-
manent rating (the circles), not its current score (the squares).
Some actions don't require or even have appropriate Abilities.
These are actions that rely on a character's innate capabilities (At-
tributes) or strength of character (Willpower or Pathos). Ifa character
were trying to lift a heavy object, for example, his Dice Pool for the
roll would consist of anumber of dice equal to just his Strength rating.
There is absolutely no situation in which more than two Traits
can be combined to form a Dice Pool. Generally only one Trait can
be used if it has a potential value of 10, and Traits like Willpower are
rarely combined with another Trait. It is generally impossible for
anormal character to have more than 10 dice in a Dice Pool.

Difficulties and Successes

Now you've got to figure out what you need to look for
when you roll the dice. The Storyteller will give you a diffi-
culty rating, which is the minimum number you need to roll on
each die for it to count as a success. A difficulty is always a
number between 2 and 10. You must roll that number or higher
on at least one of the dice in your Dice Pool to succeed. Each
time you do so is called a success. If the difficulty of a roll is a
6 and you roll a 2, 3, 5, 6 and 9, you've scored two successes.
Though you usually need only one success to perform an ac-
tion, the more successes you achieve, the better your charac-
ter does whatever she's attempting to do. Scoring only one
success is considered a marginal achievement, while three is
considered a complete success, and five a momentous event.

Difficulties
3 Easy
4 Routine
5 Straightforward
6 Standard
7 Challenging
8 Difficult
9 Extremely Difficult
Degree of Success
One Success Marginal
Two Successes Moderate
Three Successes Complete
Four Successes Exceptional
Five Successes Phenomenal

The lower the difficulty, the easier the task, and vice versa.
The Storyteller may decide to let some actions succeed without
aroll (automatic success) if the number of dice in your character's
Dice Pool is higher than the difficulty rating of the roll.

Though they're not on the list above, your Storyteller can
also assign difficulties of 2 or 10. This should be rare; difficulty 2 is
pathetically easy, and difficulty 10 is so impossibly hard that you're
more likely to screw it up than you are to succeed. Any 10s a
player rolls are successes, no matter what. Unless the Storyteller
says otherwise, the standard difficulty for any task is always 6.

Complications

Ir's usually easy to score a single success, even with only
one or two dice. You have a 75% chance of a marginal success
when you roll only two dice with a difficulty of 6. Sounds easy,
doesn't it? Of course there are a few complications for those
who wish to use them. If your group is heavily into roleplaying,
simple rolls and automatic successes are usually enough.

Botches

Whenever you roll a "one," it cancels out a success. Re-
move both the success die and the "one" die, and pay them no
more heed. If you roll more "ones" than you do successes, you
botch, meaning that some sort of disaster happens. Don't count
the "ones" that canceled out successes, but if even a single "one"
is left after all the successes have been canceled, a botch oc-
curs. If there aren't any "ones" or successes left, you've just failed
at whatever your character was attempting to do.

Some troupes count extra "ones" as really bad botches. This
is an entirely optional interpretation, and can get to be more
trouble than it's worth (even if it is occasionally amusing...).

for Example.

Jackie the Renegade Netrunner and her Circlemate Casey

are cruising through the Tempest in his relic 1974 Nova when she Al

hears a strange scraping sound coming from the underside of the

car. She leans out and looks underneath, only to see that a Spectre J

has attached himself to the vehicle and is about to claw through the
floorboards. Wisely, Jackie informs Casey of the danger, and he }
immediately makes for the nearest Byway, hoping to find safety §
there. He guns the engine...

Casey announces he's headed for the Byway, which is vis-
ible up ahead as a two-lane stretch of blacktop. He decides he
wants to try to crash onto the Byway, hopefully scraping the
Spectre off and turning it into ectoplasmic roadkill. The Story-
teller decides that due to the delicacy of the maneuver, Casey
needs to make a Dexterity + Argos roll (difficulty 8) and achieve
two successes. Casey's got three dots in Dexterity and three
more in Argos: six dice. He rolls: 10, 6, 4, 3, 1, 1. The first 1
cancels out the success; the second 1 counts as a botch. The
Storyteller rules that Casey has missed the Byway entirely and

Chapter Three: Rules 83


in fact sent the Nova into a spin. Helplessly, Casey watches
the Byway blaze past; meanwhile the Spectre has punched
through the bottom of the car, and Jackie is hacking at it with
her knife. It doesn't look good....

Multiple Actions and Splitting Dice Pools

If you want your wraith to perform more than one action in
a tur, you can elect to split the Dice Pool between her actions.
The number of dice you assign to each action is up to you, but if
one of your potential Pools is smaller than the other (a Percep-
tion + Alertness of four dice against, say, Dexterity + Brawl of
six), the smaller Pool is used as the total number of dice avail-
able for both actions. In the above example, a character would
have only four dice to split between his two actions.

For Example...

Desperately clinging to the ledge, Erik attempts to pull him-
self up onto the rooftop. Given plenty of time and less stressful
circumstances, the Storyteller would probably allow him to do
this without resorting to a roll. Unfortunately for Erik, one of
the Heretics decides to take a shot at him with a relic pistol, just
as our hero is swinging up over the edge.

The Storyteller informs Erik that he may either attempt
to pull himself onto the rooftop, or try to avoid the bullet. Erik
wants neither to fall nor get shot, so he opts to split his Dice
Pool instead. The Storyteller decides that the Traits Erik would
use for pulling himself up onto the roof are the same as for
jumping (Strength + Athletics), while the Traits for dodging
the bullet would be Dexterity + Dodge. Just as before, Erik's
Strength and Athletics total five dice, while his Dexterity and
Dodge dice total seven. Therefore, Erik has five dice to split
between his two Dice Pools. Deciding that getting onto the
roof is actually the most important task, Erik chooses to roll
three dice for that and only two dice for the dodge.

Automatic Successes

Rolling dice all the time gets in the way of roleplaying. Dur-
ing most scenes — especially when you're deeply involved in the
story — you may wish to not roll dice at all, and roleplay through
without interruptions. Automatic successes keep players from mak-
ing rolls for actions that characters could perform in their sleep.

Most groups usually use a combination of dice rolling and
automatic successes. These work like this: If the number of
dice you have in your Dice Pool is equal to or greater than the
difficulty of a roll, you succeed automatically. It's a marginal
victory, just as if you'd rolled one success; sometimes you'll
want to roll anyway to try for a more favorable result. But for
simple, common actions, automatic successes eliminate a lot
of wasted time. The story is what matters, anyway.

You may also spend a Willpower point (see Chapter Four)
to earn an automatic success. This automatic success is in
addition to any successes gained by rolling the dice. You will

84 Wraith: The Oblivion

ys

not want to do this too often, however, for once a Willpower
point is spent it is gone for a while. You may only spend one
Willpower point per turn to gain free successes.

Extended actions are more complicated than simple actions,
and shouldn't often be employed in the middle of intense
roleplaying. As the Storyteller, you decide what type of action is
called for. A little bit of experience will be your best advisor.

Extended Actions

Simple actions only require one success. Some tasks,
called extended actions, require more than one success to fully
complete. You may need to accumulate three, or seven, or
possibly even 20 successes (on rare occasions).

An extended action allows you to roll over and over on
subsequent turns in an attempt to collect enough successes to
succeed. In extended actions, successes are cumulative; if you
need 10 successes on an extended action, and score two on your
first roll and three on your second, you're halfway to being done.

During an extended action, you can keep trying to obtain
successes for as long as you want, or at least until the Story-
teller decides that you've been at it long enough. If you botch
during an extended action, your character may (at Storyteller
discretion) have to start over from scratch, with all of her ac-
cumulated successes wiped out. On the other hand, the Story-
teller may decide not to let your character try again at all.

for Example...

Christine's Shadow, the Perfectionist, has temporarily taken her
over. This causes her to engage in self-destructive behavior and abuse
other wraiths in her Circle. Trapped inside her own head, Christine
decides to make a desperate attempt to break the Shadow's control.

The Storyteller tells Christine that she may try to overcome
her Shadow by rolling her Willpower with a difficulty of 6, but
that she will need to gain a total of at least five successes to regain
control. On the bright side, she may gain these successes over time.
Christine's Willpower is 8, allowing her to roll a total of eight dice.
She rolls: 1, 2, 2, 4, 5, 5, 6, 9, giving her only one success (remem-
ber that the botch rule causes her to lose one success for each 1
rolled). Unfortunately, Christine's Shadow is still in control, but
the Storyteller decides that she can continue the struggle. She
rolls again: 9, 9, 7, 6, 4, 4, 3, 2, giving her four successes. Christine
adds these four new successes to the one she'd already achieved,
and suddenly she's got the five successes she needs. The Shadow is
banished once again, and it's left to Christine to apologize to those
whom her dark side has wronged...

Resisted Actions

Sometimes your character's efforts will oppose another's, just
like in a tug-of-war. Each of you will make rolls, often with one
of the other character's Traits as the difficulty. The character
who scores the most successes in this sort of contest succeeds at
her intention, while the other character fails. However, you are

considered to score only as many successes as the number by
which your suceé exceeded your opponent's. Your opponent's
ses eliminate your own, just as "ones" do. Outstanding suc-
are both difficult and rare, and even
f your opponent can't beat you, she can diminish your efforts.

in this sort of conte:

On actions that are both extended and resisted, one of the
in order

opponents must collect a certain number of sui
to win. Each su above the opponent's total number of suc-
cesses in a single turn is added together. The first opponent to
collect the designated number of successes wins the contest.

For Example

Lord Ember, Master Soulforger, has picked up McKenna, a Ren-
egade who's been caught and sentenced to the forges. McKenna has
other ideas and starts to struggle, trying to break Lord Ember's grip.

cesse:

The Storyteller rules that this is an opposed action. Both
McKenna and Ember must roll Strength + Brawl with a diffi-
culty equal to their opponent's total Dice Pool. If the soulforger
wins, he maintains his hold, allowing him to slam McKenna's
Corpus down on the anvil next turn. If McKenna succeeds,
he may attempt to flee. Unfortunately the Renegade's Dice
Pool in this instance is only four while the soulforger's is eight
— Mc

enna is going to have to get very lucky to escape.

Teamwork

Characters can work together to collect successes, most
often during an extended action. At the discretion of the Sto-
ryteller, two or more characters can make their rolls separately
and combine their successes. They may never combine their
separate Traits for one roll, however. Teamwork is effective in
some circumstances such as combat, shadowing prey, collect-
ing information and repairing devices. During others, it can
actually be a hindrance; in many social situations, a tag-team
approach can actually confuse the subject.

Trying it Again

Failure is frustrating. If you're having trouble with your com-
puter and can't figure out why it won't work, you're in for an
ing productivity.
Wraith reflects this frustration with failure by increasing the dif-
ficulty of any action that is tried again after an initial failure.

evening of increasing frustration and decreas

Whenever a character attempts an action she previously
failed, the Storyteller has the option of increasing the diffi-
culty of the action by one. So if a first attempt at picking a
relatively simple lock (difficulty 5) fails, a character's embar-
rassment at his initial failure could make him press too hard
on his second attempt. To reflect this, the Storyteller would
raise the difficulty of the roll to 6. Of course, if the character
fails yet again, things will continue to get worse.

Insome instances, such as in combat, the Storyteller shouldn't
invoke this rule. Missing someone with your first shot isn't go-
ing to fluster you so much that you'll never hit your target.


Bales of Rolls

Each Attribute can be combined with each Ability, allowing for
270 types of simple rolls that can be made (and that's not counting
Willpower). Admittedly, you will not often have cause to roll Dexter-
ity + Enigmas, but it just might come up. The following are some
examples of rolls that may be called for during the course of a story.
* Monica is attempting to sneak into the Hierarchy haunt at
the Old Post Office Pavilion. Several Legionnaires stand about, keep-
ing a silent vigil for possible intruders. In order to avoid detection,
Monica must roll Wits + Stealth (difficulty 7) in an opposed roll
against the nearest Legionnaire's Perception + Alertness (difficulty
6). In order to get close, she must gain more successes than he does.
© Moshe has been sent by his Hierarchy superiors to spy on a
local Renegade Haunt. Captured by the Renegades he had been
sent to spy on, Moshe tries to convince them that he has come to
join forces with them. The Renegades' leader, an Artificer who would
like nothing better than to hammer Moshe into a piece of flatware,
will take some convincing, so Moshe must roll Wits + Subterfuge
(difficulty 8). The number of successes determines how much of his
story the Renegade leader will believe — if any.

© Sharon's mortal lover has died in a sudden accident. She
learns that he has recently been taken by a Hierarchy Reaper
and sent to the forges for his plasm. In attempt to free him, she
approaches the local soulsmith with an offer of relics in exchange
for her lover. The soulforger is short on new souls, however, and
drives a hard bargain. Sharon must roll Manipulation + Bureau-
cracy (difficulty 7) in an attempt to get the price down.

© Jane is attempting to a convince a group of Lemures that the
Hierarchy isa bunch of petty dictators who create rules that serve only
their own purposes. She must roll Manipulation + Expression (diffi-
culty 7) in order to sway them. Ifshe gets four or more successes she may
cause them to riot, but if she botches they may turn on her instead.

© While returning to his Haunt, Karl is suddenly attacked by a
Spectre. Not being in the mood to fight, Karl attempts to run away.
He must roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) in an opposed
roll against the Spectre, or else be attacked before he can flee.
 Sveyn has discovered a relic volume about exorcisms.
Unfortunately, the book is written in a deliberately archaic style.
Sveyn must roll Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 8) to extract
any useful information from the dense prose.

Fai Chin is attempting to repair a relic sword that was bro-
ken during a battle with a Spectre. Fortunately, as an Artificer Fai
has access to a soulforge. The sword is rather badly damaged (it
broke in three places), so the Storyteller rules that Fai must roll
Dexterity + Repair (difficulty 9) and gain at least six successes to
repair the sword completely. She also rules that Fai may only make
one roll per day, but that the successes are cumulative.

© Kenneth is being brutally interrogated by Hierarchy inquisitors
about the location ofa Renegade haunt. A fanatic to his Renegade cause,
Kenneth summons all his strength to resist them. The Storyteller tells
him that he must roll Stamina + Subterfuge (difficulty 8) to maintain.
his story. Five successes will allow him to convince the inquisitors
fully that he is telling the truth, but if he fails he just might crack.

86 Wraith: The Oblivion

© Yuri has recently joined a group of Renegade Haunters known
as the Soulscreamers. Unfortunately, he feels as though many of the
gang don't really trust him. He asks the Storyteller if he can make a
Charisma + Streetwise roll in order to impress his fellow Renegades
and get them to trust him. The Storyteller agrees, deciding that the
difficulty will be 6, but that he must roll at least four successes to
impress the most distrustful member of the gang.

Lexicon

This is a list of terms you will encounter, both in reading
this book and during the course of your gameplay, that can be
used to describe how Wraith works.

Ability: An Ability is a Trait that describes what a char-
acter knows, learns or can do. Abilities are divided into Tal-
ents, Skills and Knowledges. Examples of Abilities include
Dodge, Security and Bureaucracy.

Action: An action is a deed that a character performs. Ac-
tions range from walking down the block to using Arcanoi to
swinging a weapon. When a player tells the Storyteller what his
character is going to do, this is called announcing an action.

Advantages: These are additional Traits that characters pos-
sess besides Attributes and Abilities. Backgrounds, Arcanoi, Pas-
sions, Fetters, Willpower and Pathos are considered Advantages.

Angst: The negative emotional energy that powers a
wraith's Shadow. Angst is gained by obeying Dark Passions.

Arcanoi: The unique powers that wraiths possess. The
singular is Arcanos.

Attributes: Traits that describe a character's innate po-
tential for Physical, Social and Mental tasks. Examples of At-
tributes include Strength, Charisma and Perception.

Backgrounds: Traits that reflect a wraith's experience and
place in society, purchased separately from Abilities. Status,
Mentor and Eidolon are examples of Backgrounds.

Botch: A botch is a catastrophic failure on a die roll. A player
is said to have botched if he rolls more "ones" than successes.

Catharsis: When a wraith's Shadow attempts — and
sometimes succeeds at — taking over her Corpus.

Character: A character is the persona a player adopts in
order to play Wraith. Much like an actor's role, the character
is the player's surrogate on the stage that the Storyteller sets.

Corpus: The "body" of a wraith, equivalent to how
healthy he is. Every success on a damage roll removes one level
of Corpus from the victim.

Demeanor: The personality a wraith presents to the Un-
derworld, which may differ vastly from his true Nature.

Dice Pool: The number of dice you have available for a
given roll, equivalent to the number of dots your character
possesses in the Traits being tested.

Difficulty: The target number for a success on a die roll.
The more difficult the action being attempted, the higher the
difficulty. Difficulties range between 2 and 10.

Downtime: Downtime is the time when the characters
aren't actively in gameplay. This includes time spent Slum-
bering, studying or turning large rocks into small ones — all
the things it's no fun to roleplay.

Eidolon: The purest aspects of the Psyche, in many ways
the wraith's higher self. In game terms, a Background that a
wraith can purchase in order to resist the effects of her Shadow.

Extended Action: This is an action requiring multiple
successes in order to achieve the desired effect. Multiple rolls
can be made in pursuit of this effect.

Fetters: Objects in the lands of the living that tie a wraith
to the Shadowlands. The more dots a wraith has in a Fetter,
the more important it is.

Nature: A wraith's true, archetypal self.

Passions: The purposes which drive a wraith, based around a core
emotion. Wraiths are able to gain Pathos by following their Passions.

Pathos: The pure emotional energy that fuels wraiths'
Arcanoi. Pathos is gained from fulfilling Passions.

Points: The temporary ratings of such Traits as Willpower, Pathos,
Angst and Corpus; the squares on the cl

aracter sheet, not the circles.
Psyche: A wraith's core personality, also known as the character.
Rating: The permanent value (i.e., the number of dots) a
wraith possesses in a Trait.
Regret: Used strictly for storytelling purposes, a character's Re-
gret is the thing that she wishes most she'd done during her living
days. Used to define a character during the generation process.

Resisted Action: An action that two characters take
against each other. Both characters roll and compare their
number of successes. The one with the greater number of suc-
cesses is considered to have "succeeded" at her action.
Scene: A single moment in a story, which may be com-
posed of multiple turns, and which may be thought of as com-
parable to a scene in a play or TV show.
Shadow: A wraith's dark side, the Mr. Hyde half of his personality.
Shadowguide: The player who, in addition to playing his
own character, also takes the part of another character's Shadow.
Simple Action: An attempted action that requires only
one success (though more can be obtained).

a Wraith
chronicle, describing what the characters see and taking the
parts of their adversaries and allies.

Storyteller: The person who creates and guides

System: The rules covering any given situation in a game
of Wraith; more specifically, what sort of roll is appropriate
for what sort of action.

Thorns: Special abilities po:

Trait: Any Ability, Attribute or other measure of a
character's capabilities that can be measured in dots.

ed only by the Shadow.

Troupe: A group of people who gather to play Wraith

Willpower: The Trait detailing how much self-possession
and purpose a wraith has, often used to defend against attacks
that are emotional or mental in nature. Unlike most Traits,
Willpower is often spent instead of rolled.

Chapter Three: Rules



Everyone knows my name now.
I'm a celebrity among the dead. Been
wandering up and down the

~ East Coast for three years,

; a That's

with them. _~
&

Book Two:
Rebit

ten I hear her voice. -

tugs at me, or other ghosts in-

vite me to settle down

enough to keep me go-

ing, even when the old office oe

‘ There's a place for a
i wraith with talents like mine, they
say. Some talents — I can make things
move back across the Shroud, where the
living people are. That wouldn't have
done much to help the woman I'm chas-
ing. Not here. Not in the Underworld.

There's a voice in the back of my head
that won't shut up, and it's always telling
me that I'll never find her. The Shadow,
that's the name the older ghosts give that
voice. They say it's part of me, my darker
half. Well, fine, I'll let him out when I
find the soldier who hurt that woman
three years ago. Until then, the Shadow
can keep rattling the bars of his cage. He
rattles them awful loud, though, some-

times. Awful loud.


qhe hierarchy

A thin, gray wash of morning
light seeps into the building and
slowly bleeds away the shadows. T
am still huddling against the wall,
as far away from the door as I can
get. At first I barely notice the
change in light, but eventually I re~
alize that can see my hands. Pale
and thin, they're clasped tightly to-
gether around my bent knees.

Maybe it's just paranoia, tell
myself, but when I take a quick per-
sonal inventory, I realize that sev-
eral things are wrong.

For one, I have the distinct
and frightening sensation that I
can't breathe, No matter how hard
T try, | cant feel the slightest mo-
tion in my chest or throat when I
try to inhale.

Fragments of thought flit
through my mind, but most of them
still dont make much sense. The
most vivid memories — especially
the one of a hooded figure with a
skeletal face, leaning over me and
whispering — are too frightening to
contemplate for long. I want to dis-
miss them as the products of panic
and my overworked imagination,

buf Iican't.

I groan as J stretch my arms
over my head, my muscles and
joints crackling like dry paper. My
bones and tendons seem about to
snap as I shift my weight forward
and shakily stand up. After a mo-
ment, | pick my way through the
debris and move toward the exit. As
I get closer to the doorway, my cyes
begin to sting from the brightening
daylight. When I. look outside, 1
have to lean against the rotting door
jamb for support.

The city, or wherever I am,
looks like the bombed-out ruins
from some old World War II news-
reel. The sun is low in the sky, swol-
len and red as it rises above the dis-
tant buildings. Its light casts Jong,
thin shadows across the uneven
ground where rubble and debris are
strewn everywhere. Broken bricks
and stones, piles of trash, uprooted
trees, dented and rusted street signs,
and other trash litter the area. Hulks
of abandoned cars and trucks line
both sides of the street.

A steady breeze that I can't feel
on my face blows heetsof yellowed
newspaper that flap.like broken bird
wings down the street until they

fetch up against a building or rusted

chain-link fence. I expect to see
packs of mongrels rummaging
through the garbage in the alleyways,
but everything is strangely quiet. As
I look around, all1 can hear is the
low, hollow whistle of the wind and
the high hiss of dust blowing about.
I feel compelled to call out, but
immediately remember the
barghests from the night before and
decide that it's best not to draw at-
tention to myself.

Feeling drained of all energy
and moving stiffly, I start walking
up the street, looking from one side
tothe other, trying to find anything
that looks familiar. When I stop and
look back at the building where I
spent the previous night, a cold
blade of panic slices through me.

Above the arching doorway of the
building isa sign. The painted letters
are chipped and faded, but I can still
make out what's written there. I shud-
der as I say the name out loud.

"Pine Knol! Elementary
School."

For an instant, I feel com-
pletely disoriented as I try to look
past the building's rot and decay to
see the school I had attended more

than 30 years ago.


"Ttcant be," I mutter, pressing my
hands against the sides of my head.
"What the hell is going on here?"

"T might be able to explain."

The voice, suddenly coming
from so close behind me, is startling,
T turn quickly and sce the old man
standing less than 10 feet away. He
smiles at me with a grin that exposes
a row of blackened, rotting tecth.

How could he have gotten: so
close without me hearing him? | am
filled with a sudden surge of rage and
fear, but — somehow — I control it.

"Yeah, I — I'd appreciate that,"
T manage to say.

The old man turns around
slowly. Glancing over his shoulder
at me, he hooks his forefinger and
beckons for me to follow.

"Come on, then, if you'd like."
His voice is almost lost beneath the
wickering whisper of the wind,

"Where are we going?"

"We certainly can't stay out

here," he replies, shaking his head

as he casts a furtive glance up and
down the street. "We don't want to
be seen."

"Why? Who will see us?" I
look around, frowning. "Far as] can
see, there's not another living soul
within miles."

The old man's smile widens.
Cocking his head back, he laughs
out loud.

"That's it! That's exactly it."
His voice rises in a high, wavering
cackle. "Not another living soul!
Oh, that's rich! Still —" He lowers
his gaze and scans the strect again.
"Someone from the Hierarchy
might see us, and we wouldn't want
that, now, would we?"

"The Hierarchy?" I repeat.

Thaye no idea what he means by
this, but just the way he says it fills
me with a twisting apprehension.

"You have a deathmark on you,"
the old man says, his eyes gleaming
insanely, "but the Hierarchy doesn't

much care. If they find you, they Il

brand you with their own mark.
That's what those beasts were doing
last night. Hunting for souls to en-
slave. They were once human, like
you, but now they're hounds for the
local Anacrcons."

None of this makes any sense
to me, but I suddenly feel ill at case
being out in the open like this. The
sound of the wind fills me with a
deep sense of loneliness and despair.

"Come along, then," the old
man says, and he starts walking away.

"How do I know you're not
a member of this...this Hierar-
chy, and that you're going to en-
slave me?"

He looks back at me over his
shoulder and smiles wickedly.

"Because if I was with the
Hierarchy, we wouldn't be having
this conversation. I'd be count-
ing my bounty for bringing in a
new soul, and you'd be getting
slow-roasted in a forge some-

where. Don't dawdle."



Oh blessed puppets, receive My prayer, and teach Me to make

Myself in thy image.

— Thomas Ligotti, "Mad Night of Atonement"

efore you can enter the world of Wraith, you
) must first create a character. The process of
character creation, however, has more to it
than just saying, "I want to be a...." Before
you can start to play Wraith, you need to
know who your character is and what she
has the potential to do, what her likes and dislikes are, where she
came from, and more. All of this is worked out during character
creation, which gives you the chance to create a wraith whom
you feel comfortable playing.

This chapter details how to create a character for
Wraith. It has step-by-step instructions for building your

wraith from the ground up, as well as a sample of the cre-
ation process to serve as a reference. Essentially, this is how
to take a character concept that excites you and turn it |
into numbers that are usable within the rules of Wraith.
It's both easy and quick to do.

In the real world, nobody has a Charisma of 4 or three
dots in Brawl. We have capabilities and potentials, not sta-
tistics. However, for a game like Wraith, those capabilities
need to be translated into numbers for the sake of game
play; the trick is not letting the numbers get in the way of
the story. After all, a character with a Charisma of 4 may
be vivacious, charming, magnetic or just plain cool. The
Trait rating is just a way that you can fit your character
into the rules of Wraith.

Chapter Four: Characters 93


Usually character creation follows a definite pattern.
You start with a basic concept for your character, assign Traits
to determine what he can and can't do, and then fill in the
blanks and details of the story of his life (and death). The
idea is to use this process to create a character who will be
interesting for you to play, for your friends' characters to
interact with, and for your Storyteller to work into your
troupe's plot. The idea is not to create an tiberwraith who
can pick up the Labyrinth with one hand and shake out the
Spectres; if you beat the tar out of literally everyone you
come across, your chronicle is likely to be extremely boring.
Characters with strengths and weaknesses are far more in-
teresting, if for no other reason than success is always sweeter
when you snatch it from the jaws of failure.

Cooking up your character is likely to take a little time
and a lot of thought if you want to do it right. You start by
deciding who you want to play (A vampire hunter who got a
little too close to his prey? A programmer Fettered to his old
office and trying to escape? A victim of a drive-by who wants
revenge on her killer?), and then what your character is ca-
pable of. Once you have an idea that works, you can start
assigning Traits that fit that concept, and you're on your way.

Geting Started

This narrative begins with the death of its hero.

— Ambrose Bierce, "A Jug of Sirup"
pumps) here are a few things that you should bear
in mind before you start creating your
|| character. Specifically:

¢ Your character can be of any age,

44) from any culture, of any religion, color,

orientation or whatever else you chose.
What matters is that the character makes
sense and doesn't unbalance the rest of the chronicle. It's of-
ten easiest to play a character who was Reaped within the last
three decades; characters who are older tend to know a little
too much about what's going on in the Underworld.

¢ The Wraith character creation process is a means to
creating all of your character, not just her statistics. Ideally,
you'll figure out who your wraith is at the same time you de-
termine what she's capable of. If, at the end of this chapter,
you're left with a collection of dots and words on a character
sheet and no clear idea, something's wrong.

¢ There is nothing random about character creation in
Wraith. There's no rolling dice to pick all of your basic statis-
tics, nor are there any random generation tables. Your char-
acter is something you build from the ground up to your speci-
fications. You assign Trait ratings and choose everything about
your character. That way, you're certain to play a character
whom you find interesting.

94 Wraith: The Oblivion

Traits are rated numerically from one to five in most
cases; in rare instances they range from one to 10. The scale
works much the same way that a movie reviewer's scale does:
five stars (or dots in a Trait) is excellent; one star (or dot) is
miserable. Two is average, which is something to bear in mind
when you're determining Trait ratings. After all, you don't
have to be excellent at everything; sometimes decent is as
good as you're going to need.

¢ It's a very good idea to sit down with your fellow players
and make sure that all of your characters are compatible with
each other. Having a Hierarchy Reaper and an anti-soulslavery
Heretic in the same Circle may sound like fun, but when all of
your Wraith games turn into sitting around and watching two
characters trying to throw each other into a Nihil, things can
get boring pretty fast. That doesn't mean that your Circle needs
to be all Hierarchs or all Renegades, just that the characters
should be able to stay in the same room without starting a lo-
calized Maelstrom. In addition to mere compatibility, it often
helps to figure out beforehand why the wraiths in your Circle
are hanging around together. Sharing a Fetter, Passion or Haunt
works; weaving together their back stories does as well. For
example, Erik may have a Passion to find a woman he fell in
love with after he died; one of his Circlemates might have
known the woman back when she was alive; another might
have seen her on his way to the Circle's Haunt; a third could
have lost true love before he died and therefore will try to help
Erik find his. If your character doesn't fit in with the rest of the
Circle, you may find yourself sitting out of a lot of the action,
or splintering the party. It's a lot easier and a lot more fun if all
of the wraiths in the Circle have a good, strong reason to be
there, and the best way to do that is to set it up beforehand.

for Storytellers.

It falls to the Storyteller to guide the players through the
character creation process. There are many reasons for this:
to answer any questions players might have about the pro-
cess, to offer suggestions and ideas when players get stuck, to
make sure that the characters fit into her chronicle with a
minimum of fuss, and most importantly, to make the whole
character creation as simple and fast as possible.

The first step for you as Storyteller involves passing out
the character sheets to your players, then asking if they have
any questions about the sheet itself. Then walk them through
the basics of character creation step by step, helping your play-
ers create characters who are well-rounded and neither too
powerful nor unlikely to survive long.

Sometimes character creation can take most or all of a
session. There's nothing wrong with this, so long as your play-
ers are taking that time to create real, vital characters. If you
don't want to spend an entire roleplaying session on making
characters, you can encourage your players to have their char-
acter ideas ready beforehand. After you've been playing for a

while, you'll find that this whole process gets faster and faster,
as your players get more and more familiar with what makes a
Wraith character work.

Once all of the lines are written out and the circles filled
in, you can take the time to start running Preludes for your
brand-new wraiths. These serve as introductory stories, al-
lowing both you and your players to get to know their charac-
ters a little better. For more on Preludes, see page 105.

Part of your job will be making sure that all of the charac-
ters fit your planned chronicle. A katana-wielding samurai from
the Jade Empire might make a sensational character, but if the
rest of your players have decided to play no-nonsense Legion-
naires, your samurai is going to feel distinctly out of place. At the
same time, you should make sure that one character won't be
able to bully the others into doing what he wants by virtue of his
statistics. This is called Munchkining, and it's the surest way to
get the other players to leave your campaign. It's no fun at all to
play when you know you can't win, whether it's against a non-
player character opponent or one of your fellow wraiths. Making
sure that everyone's on more or less equal footing is vital, other-
wise the imbalance will quickly wreck your whole chronicle.

Character Creation
Step One: Concept

Here I sit in my bones, on the bones upon the hill

Staring out at the wild, blue yonder

— Fish, "MR 1470"
pw) he first thing you as a player need to do in
creating a character is coming up with a ba-
sic concept for her. At this point you don't
need to know all the details of her life and
death, just a few of the highlights that will
give you a rough idea of who she is. You can
fill in the whats and wherefores later on in
the character process. The more time you spend creating and
playing your character, the more fully fleshed out she'll be.

However, for right now you're just interested in the
very basics. Your character can be from any culture or time
period (though if you're playing a wraith who's a thousand
years old, you should have a pretty good explanation for
why she's no more powerful than someone who crossed the
Shroud yesterday). Playing characters who haven't been
wraiths all that long is generally easier, but if you want to
play the ghost of a Civil War soldier or a medieval alche-
mist, there's nothing to stop you.

All you really need at this stage in character creation is
the answer to a series of three questions: Who were you, how
did you die, and what is keeping you a wraith?


x,

SS Ze
Who Were You?

What did you do when you were alive? How did you
live your life from day to day? It's usually best to play char-
acters who were relatively normal — rock stars or actors
can create problems — but in the end it comes down to
what you want and what your Storyteller will permit.
Among the possibilities are:

¢ Artist — There was one truly great work of art in
you that would have amazed the world (if you'd lived long
enough to complete it).

Blank Slate — A real tabula rasa, your life is a mys-
tery to you.

© Cop — Perhaps you were a beat cop who watched
his beloved neighborhood hit the skids. Or, you could have
been with the narcotics squad, a SWAT team or even
trapped behind a desk in a precinct house.

¢ Crook — Crime certainly did pay for you, at least
for a while. Then again, maybe you got caught.

¢ Dabbler — There wasn't enough time when you
were alive for you to follow all of your interests. So you
did a little of this and a little of that, and never found a
true calling.

¢ Disestablishmentarian — You lived to subvert the
system however you could. Maybe you were a hacker, or
perhaps you thought you were the new Robin Hood.

Drifter — Nothing held you down for long. Maybe
a hobo, maybe an artist looking for inspiration, maybe
just a free spirit, you didn't stay still long enough to put
down roots.

¢ Politician — You went to Washington with a man-
date for change, and got changed instead. Perhaps you never
even got elected, or were drummed out of office.

e Punk — Anarchy! If it stood up, you knocked it
down; you saw the way it was looking at you!

Slacker — You never did much of anything in your
breathing days.

¢ True Believer — Your faith sustained you in life,
but this isn't the heaven you were promised.

¢ Victim — You just let life happen to you, always re-
acting instead of acting.

¢ Workaholic — 80-hour work weeks and 2 a.m. plan-
ning meetings swallowed your life; now you're wondering
what you missed.

How Did You Die?

The way in which you died determines a lot about.your
perspective across the Shroud. After all, a wraith who
slipped away peacefully and one who has his own murder
to avenge are likely to have very different viewpoints on
dealings with the living. Here are a few possibilities:

A Putts

THN ASS fa

SEP

| ¢ Accident — Maybe the driver's side air A on your

new car didn't inflate, or the power wasn't shut off be-
fore you tried to rewire your apartment. At the funeral
everyone said that it was just one of those things, and
wasn't it a shame...

¢ Illness — Maybe it was sudden, or it could have
been a slow spiral down to death. Perhaps you were given
cancer by that chemical plant on the outskirts of town,
or you're convinced the government tested a new bio-
logical warfare agent on you.

¢ Mystery — You don't know what happened to you,
and you have a sneaking suspicion you're better off that way.

© Old Age — You lived a long, full life and went gently.
Then again, maybe you kicked and screamed for just one
more minute.

¢ Overdose — You went looking for oblivion in the
form of drugs or alcohol. They took you a lot closer to
Oblivion than you thought possible.

¢ Something Strange... — You were a one-in-a-million
victim. Perhaps you were struck by lightning, or had a rare
allergic reaction to your cold medication. Either way, you
never saw it coming.

© Suicide — Everyone said that you were just trying to
get attention, but what you were really trying to find was
help. It's too late now, though...

Violence — From the battlefield to the home, vio-
lence claims victims everywhere. Perhaps you were a sol-
dier, or were killed during a mugging. Someone might even
have had you killed.

Why Are You Still Here?

Your Regret sums up why you became a wraith, instead
of quietly moving on to the next level of existence. What
is it that you never said or did that means so much to you
now that you've moved on? Here are a few ideas:

¢ Failure — You died knowing that you'd failed at
something you'd set your hand to. Maybe it was a lack of
confidence, or perhaps just a lack of talent, but you weren't
good enough then. Now, though, it's a different story.

© Guilt — Your sins were too great, and they won't
let you rest

e Legacy — You wanted to leave something behind
you, and now you feel obligated to protect it from the other
side. Perhaps it's your children, perhaps it's the company
you founded, but you will see your legacy live on.

¢ Love — Maybe you never told the one you loved
how you felt, and you need to rectify this from beyond the
grave. Or, perhaps there are still those left alive whom you
loved more than life — or death.

Missed Chances — All the trips you postponed, the
lovers you never took, the opportunities you passed up; you
want a second chance at them.

© Mission Possible — You had a mission in life —
maybe an environmental crusade, or a mandate to take
back your government — and you're not going to let a
little thing like death stop you now.

e Revenge — Someone made your life a living hell,
or even ended it. Now it's payback time, and you've got
all eternity.

¢ Unfinished Business — You never got a chance to
take back those last harsh words you spoke before your
death, and now it's too late to heal the wounds. Or is it?

© Unfulfilled Destiny — You were meant for great
things which you never quite achieved while you were alive.

Nature and Demeanor

Next comes choosing personality Archetypes that best {
suit how you view the world, and how you present your-
self. They may or may not be the same thing.

Personality Archetypes

Architect: The creation of lasting works is your goal.

© Avant-Garde: If it's not new and exciting, you're not
interested.

* Bon Vivant: Death doesn't have to end your party.

© Bravo: Bullying others isn't a habit, it's a calling.

© Bureaucrat: Everything according to proper procedure.

© Caregiver: Even the Restless — especially the Restless
— need your love.

© Child: You never grew up, and look to a parent figure
for direction.

© Conniver: There's got to be an easier way to do everything.

© Critic: Nothing's perfect, and that's just not good
enough for you.

© Explorer: New Deadlands, new wraiths, new civilizations.

© Follower: You're happy not making any decisions.

© Gambler: Death may have upped the ante, but the game ;
isn't over.

© Jester: What's so funny about being dead? Everything!

© Leader: When you speak, you expect others to listen.

© Martyr: You'll sacrifice for others, but won't suffer in
silence.

© Mediator: You believe an agreement can always be reached.

© Rebel: Authority just rubs you the wrong way.

© Scientist: You look at the universe rationally, even
if you are dead.

© Survivor: You think this existence is worth hanging
on to, no matter what.

© Traditionalist: As far as you're concerned, the old
ways are the best ways.

© Visionary: You have a dream for something better
that only you can see.

Chapter Four: Characters 97

Your Nature is the Archetype that best fits your true
personality. This is how you really see the world, and also
how you regain Willpower. By acting in accordance with
your deepest-seated beliefs and feelings (your Nature), you
can refuel your belief in yourself and your determination
(your Willpower). Your Nature shouldn't be restrictive, as
a character with the Nature Critic can still have a nice
thing to say on occasion. Rather, it should serve as a b
guide to your perspective on the world of Wraith, and how
you act in and react to that world.

Your Demeanor is the public face you wear, the mask
that you show to the world. For some wraiths, their Na-
tures and Demeanors are identical. Others feel the need to
hide their true feelings behind false fagades for purposes of
protection or deception. Demeanors can be changed rap-
idly, and have no effect on the rules of Wraith. Rather,
they're intended to serve simply as an aid to roleplaying.

Step Two: Choosing Attributes

She said I'd rather die than look like a loser...

— Oysterband, "Elena's Shoes"

Your Attributes are your innate potentials. How strong
you are, how quickly you think, how good you are at getting
people to do what you want — these are all examples of
Attributes. Although you no longer have a living body, you
still have a physical form with physical — not to mention
mental and social — capabilities. This is the part of charac-
ter creation where you determine those capabilities.

Attributes are broken down into three categorie
Physical, Social and Mental. You must prioritize those cat-
egories for your wraith. Which is most important? Which
is least? This determines how many points you have to
spend in each of those categories.

¢ Physical — Physical Attributes determine how
strong you are, how much endurance you have, and how
dexterous you are. They are the primary Attributes for
characters built for action — cat burglars, bouncers, sol-
diers and the like. These Attributes detail the strengths
and weaknesses of your Corpus. Strength describes how
physically strong you are, and also tells you how much
damage you do in hand-to-hand combat. Dexterity is a
measure of how agile you are and how fast you move, and
is useful for acrobatic maneuvers and using firearms.
Stamina details how well you endure trauma and pain,
and lets you resist damage via soak rolls.

* Social — Social Attributes are the measure of how
well you function in social situations. They indicate how well
you work and play with others, not to mention how well you
manipulate and coerce them. Charisma is the rating of your
personal charm and force of personality. Manipulation de-
scribes how good you are at getting others to do what you
want, and Appearance is a measure of how good — or

98 Wraith: The Oblivion

impressive — you look. Social Attributes are primary for
characters coming from political or high society back-
grounds, and are useful in chronicles that focus on intrigue.

® Mental — Mental Attributes are the rating of
your brainpower and ability to think quickly. Used to de-
termine what you might know and what you can deduce
from your surroundings, Mental Attributes are primary for
scientists and other intellectual characters, as well as for
street hustlers and anyone who has to think on their feet.
Perception lets you know how well you can assess your
environment — everything from hearing a tell-tale floor-
board creak to noticing a clue that others have missed.
Intelligence is the rating of how much brainpower you
have, and how efficiently you can put your knowledge to
work. Wits measures how quickly and efficiently you re-
act to new or rapidly changing situations, such as combat.

The concept you've chosen should be of some help
in determining which of your Attribute categories is pri-
mary, which is secondary, and which is tertiary. However,
your concept should be more of a rough outline than a
strict character map, and any combination that makes
sense to you is fine.

Each character starts with one dot in each Attribute.
Prioritizing the Attribute categories details how many more
dots you have to spend in each of the Attribute breakdowns.
You have seven dots to distribute among your primary At-
tributes, five dots for your secondary Attributes, and three
dots for your tertiary. However, you don't have to spread
the dots out evenly. Instead, choose them as you see fit. If
you've chosen Physical Attributes as your tertiary, you may
want to give each Attribute one dot, or you could put all
three in Strength and not put any more in Stamina or Dex-
terity, or you could put two in Strength, one in Dexterity,
and none in Stamina. It's up to you.

If you don't have as many dots in Attributes as you want,
don't worry. Later on, you'll have the opportunity to raise
your Attributes with what are called freebie points. For the
moment, just go with what seems right and worry about
rounding the numbers out later.

Te

ufter each Attribute and
This is for fill-

There space
Ability on the character sheet
ing in your specialties, assuming you have any.
at which you

A specialty is an area of a Trait

are especially good. You don't have to take a

specialty, but sometimes they come in handy.

For more information on specialties, s

r Five: Traits.

< PP

Step Three: Choosing Abilities

Just as Attributes are your innate capabilities, Abilities are
the things you picked up along the way in your life (or after-
ward). As Attributes are divided into three categories, so are
Abilities. In this case, they're called Talents, Skills and Knowledges.

Your rating in any given Ability determines how good
you are at it; four dots in Dodge means that you might have
been a matador, while a single dot in Repair means that you
probably gave your local auto mechanic a lot of business.

© Talents — These are intuitive Abilities, knacks that you've
honed thro xperience. Talents aren't picked up from books,

nor are the'
Usually the

enerally the sort of thing that you can practice.
re picked up over time, as opposed being taught.

¢ Skills — Skills are Abilities that you can learn from
rigorous training. Anything that can be taught, studied and
practiced falls under the heading of Skills.

¢ Knowledges — Knowledges tend to be the more clas-
sically intellectual Abilities. They're learned from books,

classes and rigorous studies, but can also come from experi-
ence in one's chosen field.

Abilities get prioritized just as Attributes do. The difference
here is that you have 13 points to put into your primary Abilities,
nine points for your secondary, and five points for your tertiary.
Again, there will be the opportunity to boost your Ability ratings
through freebie points later on, so fill out your character as best
you can at this point and worry about the fine details later.

You are not permitted to put more than three dots in any Abil-
ity during this aspect of character generation. If you wish to raise an
Ability rating above 3 with freebie points later, that is allowed,
but for the moment no Ability can have a rating of more than 3.

Step Four: Advantages

Unlike Attributes and Abilities, you don't have to
prioritize your Advantages. Rather, you've got a set number of
points to spread out in each one. Again, you can increase this
number later through the use of freebie points.

Arcanoi

Arcanoi are the unique powers that wraiths possess. You

have five dots with which to purchase Arcanoi, though a start-

ing character can't have more than three dots in any given
Arcanos. More Arcanoi can be purchased later with freebies.

Backerounds

Backgrounds measure your place in Restless society and
culture. They're a measure of who you know, what resources

you can draw upon and what other wraiths think of you. You
have seven dots to allocate among your Backgrounds, but your
choices should reflect your character concept.

RY

sii

Passions

What matters most is us

What matters most is now

What matters is this

How it comes, and where and how

Passion

— Hothouse Flowers, "Isn't It Amazing?"

Passions are what fuel a wraith's existence. Each Passion
has three parts to it: A statement of the Passion (i.e., Protect
my lover or Avenge my death); a core emotion for the Passion
(such as Love or Vengeance); and a rating from one to five.

You have 10 points to divvy up among your Passions how-
ever you see fit. You can choose to have 10 Passions, each
with a rating of one, or two Passions that have ratings of five.
As your Passions are very much tied into who you are as well
as what you can do, the Passions that are most important to
you should have higher ratings than general or incidental ones.

For more on Passions, see Page 216.

Character Creation Chart

tep One: Character Concept
Choose concept, Nature and Demeanor.
¢ Step Two: Select Attributes
the three categories: Physical/So
Mental into primary, secondary and tertiary.
Choose primary Attributes (7 points)
Choose secondary Attributes (5 points).

shoose tertiary Attributes (3 points).
¢ Step Three: Select Abilities
Prioritize the 3 categories: Talents/Skills/
Knowledges into primary, secondary and tertiary.

Choose primary Abilities (13 points).

Choose secondary Abilities (9 points).

Choose tertiary Abilities (5 points).

¢ Step Four: Select Advantages

Chose Arcanoi (5 points), Backgrounds
(7 points), Passions (10 points) and Fetters
(10 points).

© Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record beginning Pathos (5 + Memoriam)
and beginning Willpower (5).

Spend freebies.

Shadow Creation

See Chapter 6.


Fetters

Fetters are the physical things that tie you to your former
existence. A Fetter is a person, place or thing that has special
importance to you, and that will continue to anchor you to
the Shadowlands until either it is destroyed by outside forces,
or it loses its meaning to you.

You have 10 points to assign to your Fetters, which can
have ratings from one to five. The more important the Fetter
is the higher its rating, and vice versa. Fetters can have some
mystery to them — you may not remember why they are so
important to you, and whole chronicles can be built around
the quest to uncover a Fetter's significance.

Your Passions and Fetters can work together. For example,
you can have the Passion Finish My Novel (Determination) 5,
and the Fetter Incomplete Manuscript: 4.

Step Five: Finishing It Off

The devil's in the details, it is often said, but other
things can be found there as well. It is the finishing touches
that really humanize a character, giving her the quirks and
personality features that truly bring her to life (or as close
as a ghost can get).

This is where you detail your character's Pathos and Will-
power, as well as spending your 15 freebie points. Take the
time to look things over before spending your freebies, how-
ever. You'll find that there a lot of things you'll want to spend
them on, and nowhere near enough to go around. Besides,
Pathos and Willpower come first.

Pathos

Pathos is the pool of emotional energy that you can call
upon to power your Arcanoi or heal your Corpus. Your initial
Pathos rating is 5, plus however many dots you have in the
Background Memoriam. This is just your starting rating, and
your Pathos pool will go up and down throughout your
chronicle. You can add to your Pathos pool with freebies, but
your rating in this Trait can never exceed 10.

Willnower

Willpower is the measure of how much determination
and force of will you have, sometimes enabling you to will a
success on a roll. In addition, your Willpower is instrumental
in helping you resist the effects of your Shadow. Your base
Willpower rating is 5, and can be increased with freebies. Your
Willpower can never exceed 10.

Willpower has both a permanent and temporary rating.
Your temporary (or current) Willpower measures how much
force of will you have at the moment, while your permanent
rating indicates your maximum. During character creation,
all references to Willpower refer to the permanent sort.

SiyfP

freebie Points
Your 15 freebie points are used to fill in the blanks left during
basic character generation. You can spend them on any Traits you {
desire, though the cost of different Traits varies. Freebies can raise
an Ability over 3, but can't raise an Ability or Attribute above 5.
You can use freebies to purchase Arcanos Basic Abilities at this
stage. Each Arcanos has Basic Abilities, not as powerful as the one-
dot art for that Arcanos. If you wish, you can purchase just the Basic
Abilities foran Arcanos at a reduced point cost, which also makes it
easier to purchase the regular levels of the Arcanos with experience.
Freebie points can also be used to subtract points from
your Shadow's freebie pool on a one-for-one basis, or youcan
take up to seven extra freebies by also granting those extras
to your Shadow. Once you're done creating your character,
you'll need to turn your attention to creating your dark side,
and now is the time to begin thinking about it. Shadow cre- |
ation rules can be found in Chapter Six.

tribute 5 points per dot

noi — 5 points per dot
sic Abilities — 3 points per Arcanos
oints per dot
oints per dot

dot

| point per dot

points per

1 point per dot

1 point per 2 dots

Spark of Life

am i alone in this? am i alone? i am your waiter and i am
ordinary and i'm the wildest in the world

— David Baerwald, "The Waiter"

There'sa lot more toa character than just dots and Traits. This
is your chance to get into who your wraith is and was, and what's
driving her. This is where you can really personalize your creation
and make her uniquely yours. You don't have to write these details
down, as they've got no impact on the rules of the game, but having
them available makes it easier for both you and your Storyteller to
know who your wraith is and where she fits into the chronicle.

Appearance

A wnaith's Corpus tends to reflect her self-image. Many wraiths
appear as they did at the moment they died; others find themselves
looking as they did in the prime of their lives. Some find that they've
somehow twisted their forms to reflect their fears or hopes; angelic
wings, blazing eyes, skeletal hands and other such alterations are
common. A wraith's clothes also manifest in this way; they reflect
the way your character subconsciously wants to appear.

Chapter Four: Characters 101


Your relevant social Traits and concept should be brought
into play when you decide your character's appearance. A wraith
who was a welder in life is unlikely to manifest in a tuxedo, and
there should be a reason that a ghost with an Appearance of | is so
unattractive. On the other hand, that welder may well find him-
self clad in a stylized version of his work-mask in the Shadowlands,
and the wraith with Appearance | could be described as having a
hideous scar that runs across his entire face. Your Traits are just
numbers; you decide what the numbers stand for.

Quirks

What makes you unique? Do you whistle the same tune wher-
ever you go, or do you affect a Humphrey Bogart drawl? These are
the little details that humanize your character, and which will make
her more interesting for others to interact with. Again, these have
no bearing on game mechanics, but go a long way toward estab-
lishing your character as more than just a series of dots.

qhe Circle

It's often a good idea to sit down before character creation
with the other players and make sure that all of your character
concepts are compatible. Chronicles run more smoothly if the
characters have a reason to be working together as opposed to
trying to feed each other to Oblivion immediately.

lame Character Creation

nnys wants to create a Wraith charac-

ter. Starting out with only a rough idea,

| she uses the character creation guide-

| lines to develop a believable, enjoyable
personality.

Step One: Concept

Before she makes any decisions about spending points,
Annys has to decide what kind of character she'll be playing.
Specifically, Annys wants to explore what might have happened
to an alternate self, with certain of her own personality aspects
taken to extremes and certain radically different choices from
those Annys has made in her life. She envisions a character
whose life has been devoted to academics and teaching; this
wraith didn't put down roots anywhere but rather drifted aim-
lessly from college to college across the country, never lasting
more than a year or two as a professor at each stop.

She decides this character might be more interesting to play
as a man, and picks the name Robin. Annys then considers an
appropriate Nature and Demeanor for Robin — his fundamen-
tal mindset and the fagade he puts on to face the world. She has
some trouble deciding between personality Archetypes. Robin

102 Wraith: The Oblivion

could be a Follower, given his years of blending in various schools
and quietly yielding to deans, but Annys doesn't think she'd en-
joy playing him that way. Critic seems more appropriate some-
how, and Annys decides that Robin never achieved anything
lasting or really connected with anyone because he was too busy
finding fault with himself and everyone around him. Annys de-
cides that in order to cover up the doubt that has paralyzed him
all his life and to better follow his academic pursuits, Robin
adopted an Analyst Demeanor. In his guise as a calm, impartial
observer he can coolly dissect anything from a Jacobean drama
to the subconscious motivations of his research assistant.

Step Two: Attributes

Now Annys has to assign Attributes to her character. She
prioritizes Robin's categories as follows:

Mental is Robin's primary category. He thrives on chal-
lenging other people's theories, breaking them down and re-
futing them point by point.

Physical is Robin's secondary category. Slightly vain and
reluctant to seem too nerdy, he had forced himself to work
out regularly for years.

Social is Robin's tertiary category. He's capable of making
superficial acquaintances and no one ever truly dislikes him,
but the closest he ever got to real human contact was sleeping
with the occasional student who found his reserve intriguing.

Out of the seven points allotted for Robin's Mental At-
tributes, Annys assigns three to Perception (this added to the
one free point automatically given per Attribute makes Robin's
total Perception a 4). The last four points she breaks down into
three for Intelligence and one for Wits. Robin is an extremely
sharp observer and has the brains to use the information he gath-
ers, but lacks something as far as common sense is concerned.

Two points out of Robin's five Physical points go to his
Strength and two to his Stamina; Annys spends the other point
on Dexterity, deciding that while muscles can be acquired
through working out, general deftness is harder to come by.

For Robin's weakest category, Social, Annys spends two of
her three points on Manipulation and one on Appearance. That
means Robin's Charisma is only 1, but Annys thinks that's about
right. Robin is acceptable as far as looks go, just decidedly short
on charm. She might throw another point into Charisma if she
has any spare freebie points kicking around later (see below),
but isn't putting it high on her list of priorities.

Step Three: Abilities

Now Annys ranks and chooses Abilities for her character.
Knowledge is Robin's most obvious strong point, so that becomes
his primary category. Talents beat out Skills for secondary, as
Annys decides that Robin never had much interest in forcing
himself to master anything he didn't see an immediate need for.

With the 13 points she has to spend on Knowledges, Annys
puts three into Science (Psychology in this case) and three into

eh fu ‘a > *

phe opliyior
Name: Feedin Nature: 2 zie life: Professor
Player: Alves Demeanor: A »atyst Death: A ntomobite accident

» Chronicle: Shadow: Perfectionist Regret: W1e¢ having published
: , his masterwork

Physical sue

+) Strength, @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception

ts Dexterity. (OOO Manipulation. OO Intelligence

) Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits

Talents Skill Knowledge
@@@00 Crafts. OOOOO Bureaucracy. @@000 ©
@0000 Drive. @@000 Computer @@000

Awareness. @OOOO Etiquette SM ®OOO0 Enigmas. @e@e@00 (is

Brawl. OOOOO Firearms. OOOO Investigation 00000
Dodge. @@000 Leadership. OOOOO Law. 00000 ©
Empathy. Meditation. @@000 Linguistics OO0000 Al
|) Expression. Melee. OOOOO Medicine. 00000 ©

|) Intimidation. Performance, OO0O0O0O Occult. 00000

Repair. 00000 Politics 000 ©
Stealth. OOOOO Science. @@000

Mivantiges ~occconcccoscenccccs |

Passions


Politics (Robin's academic niche consists of writing revision-
ist history based on his radical new analyses of important fig-
ures' psyches). Two points go into Computer, now a necessity
on most campuses. Annys, thinking about the way most col-
leges are run as well as the multitude of administrators that
Robin has dealt with, gives a couple of points to Bureaucracy.
Finally, the Enigmas Knowledge seems an obvious choice for
Robin, so Annys puts her last three points into it.

Next, Annys has nine points to spend on Talents. She starts
by assigning three points to Alertness, which is equally good for
keeping a close eye on your surroundings and for noticing subtle
changes in companions' body language. Annys puts three more
points into Empathy, not because Robin is a particularly sympa-
thetic person, but because of his insight and keen interest in other
people's motivations. One point goes to Athletics, and the last
two points to Dodge (when he was young, he had to deal with
those schoolyard bullies somehow).

Finishing up, Annys divides the five Skills points into two
for Drive, one for Etiquette and two for Meditation (Robin often
chooses to gain some perspective by withdrawing from the world).

Step Four: Advantages

Annys is aware that this character could become rather an-
tisocial, but she thinks Robin's perceptiveness will keep him from
being entirely a loner. He sees the irony in every situation, in-
cluding his own, and is often willing to share the humor he finds
in this. However, Annys isn't taking any chances on having Robin.
isolated from the rest of his Circle, so she also decides to pick
Backgrounds that will keep him connected to other people. She
starts by giving Robin two points of Memoriam; the last college
where he taught planted a tree and put up a little plaque after his
untimely passing. Fortunately for him, the college chose a popu-
lar meeting point for his memorial, and students are frequently
reminded of what's-his-name the professor who got hit by a car.
She decides that Robin makes a point of knowing who's influen-
tial in any given situation (plus, he doesn't seem like the type
who would have anything to do with either Heretics or Ren-
egades), so she gives him one point in Hierarchy Status. Annys
then assigns two points to Mentor; a professor who taught Robin
in grad school and had high hopes for him has learned a few
things in the Shadowlands and is willing to pass on some of his
secrets. Finally, Annys puts the last Background points into a
Haunt, giving Robin an attachment to the small, unused room
near his office where he used to go for "private meetings."

Annys doesn't have much of a problem when she goes to
choose Arcanoi for Robin; peering into other people's souls is
just what he's always wanted to be able to do, so he gets two
points of Castigate. In order to keep manipulating the living by
affecting their dreams, he needs two points assigned to the Phan-
tasm Arcanos. Annys puts Robin's last Arcanos point into Pup-
petry, the ultimate form of nosiness. This makes Robin a some-
what specialized character, and Annys briefly debates making
him a member of either the Sandmen or the Pardoners, but de-
cides against it. She'd rather keep Robin's social options open.

104 Wraith: The Oblivion
"

ian Stor

Robin's Passions require a little more thought, though. With 10
points to spend, she has to decide not only what his reasons for exist-
ence consist of, but also how important each one is to him. It seems to
her that one of Robin's chief goals is to protect his posthumous repu-
tation. He's desperate to make sure that no one ever finds out about
the students he slept with — the first dalliance involved far more
initiative on the student's part than on his, but he was becoming more
aggressive over time. This Passion is clearly a function of Pride; Annys
rates it at 4, since the revelation of Robin's dirty little secret would
really shatter him. Joshua, the Storyteller, points out that this could be
a difficult Passion for Robin to follow up on, but Annys likes the idea
of a continuing Skinlands involvement and thinks it will be playable
with help from Joshua and from the other members of the Circle.
With that in mind, Annys writes it down on Robin's character sheet:
Keep anyone from discovering my secret (Pride) 4.

Robin's next Passion is to "help" his chief academic rival
understand the shallowness of his arguments (i.e., essentially ruin,
his professional life). Annys spends three points on this Passion;
it has a focus of Envy, and should be within Robin's ability to
accomplish. A few nasty dreams will set that pathetic excuse for
a scholar straight, not to mention the dean who thought of giv-
ing him tenure. The Passion is written down as Keep my great-
est rival from succeeding (Envy) 3. Annys likes the possibili-
ties this Passion offers, and decides that indications of success
might even encourage Robin to tamper with other scholars.

Another of Robin's desires is to make sure that his most prized
text, the one with the notes crucial to his unfinished masterpiece,
winds up in good hands (ideally his own, but preferably those of some-
one worthy of Robin's respect. He probably won't be happy until the
book is enshrined in some private collection, out of the reach of grubby
undergraduate paws). Annys writes this down as Protect my favorite
book (Love) 2, as this book is one of the few things Robin has ever
been able to express concern for openly. With the last point left,
Annys gives Robin a burning interest in finding out everything he
can about mages. This Passion is driven by plain and simple Curios-
ity; it's just Robin's urge to collect information kicking in again. She
fills in Learn about mages (Curiosity) 1, and moves on.

With Robin's Passions established, Annys now has to choose his
Fetters, the material objects that keep him tied to the Skinlands. The
first one she thinks of is the not-so-trendy coffeehouse where he was
known for easily crushing all opposition in debates. Robin was fonder
of the place than he'd like to admit, and he got more than his fair
share of ego-boosting from the reactions of the always-present phi-
losophizing crew. Annys assigns it a rating of 1. She decides there's
alsoa mix tape, made by the last student with whom he was involved.
Since his death it has fallen down, unnoticed, behind a file cabinet in
his office. This tape is tremendously important to Robin asa symbol of
what he's lost, although as a Fetter it's relatively fragile. Realizing the
risk that the tape will be re-recorded, stepped on or even thrown out,
Annysstill gives it three points. She then puts four points into Robin's
ancient, well-wom copy of his favorite textbook, a leather-bound edi-
tion of Holinshed's Chronicle of English History. Filled with scribbled
notes in the margins, this book was his wellspring of inspiration, and
also the source of one of his Passions. Finally, Robin's own protégé,
whose career he avidly promoted, becomes a Fetter rated at 2.


Step five: finishing Touches
Next, Annys notes that Robin's Willpower starts at 5 and
his beginning Pathos is 7 (5 plus his two points of Memoriam).
Annysnow has 15 freebie points to spend. The first thing she does is
spend four points to raise Robin's total Willpower to 7. Then she breaks
down and puts five more points into raising Robin's Charisma to 2. Two
points go to give Robin one dot in the Awareness Ability. Annys belat-
edly assigns her last four freebie points to two dots of Expression when
she realizes how much Robin needs that Ability to get his ideas across.
At last the numbers are all set. Although technically that' all
Annys needs to play the character, there are a few more details she
wants to settle. While she's already come to the conclusion that Robin
was killed when he was hit by a car, she takes a minute to fill in the
details of the accident for herself and her Storyteller. Next, she decides
that Robin's Perception specialty is best described as Probing. On the
back of her character sheet, she writes down a few words about Robin's
childhood growing up with parents who traveled extensively (that ex-
plains his lack of attachment to family or place), and a brief description
of his appearance. She pictures him as tall and a little too thin, with
sandy blond hair and a rather conservative haircut. Still, he's not too
stuffy, so Annys decides that his wardrobe runs to T-shirts and slacks.
She also wants to give him a few more distinguishing character-
istics. At first she thinks one of his mannerisms will involve con-
stantly citing authors (the more obscure the better), but decides she
doesn't want to put in the kind of research effort that roleplaying such

a mannerism would require. A better quirk, she concludes, would be
having Robin relentlessly flaunt his cynicism toward all things reli-
gious and spiritual. That ought to get him into some very interesting
discussions among the dead. ... She also decides that he has a rather
disturbing habit of unfocusing his eyes and humming barely audibly
(this comes from his Meditation Skill — it's the method he uses most
often to distance himself from his surroundings), which will prob-
ably drive at least one of the other members of Robin's Circle abso-
lutely batty, and make for good interplay between the two wraiths.
Finally, Annysissatisfied with her mental image of Robin. Now she
has to work with the Storyteller and, since she knows who it will be, the
person who'll be playing her Shadowguide to generate Robin's Shadow
character. For an example of creating the Shadow, see page 173.

What Now?
Roleplaying the Prelude

‘Death doesn't hurt,' said one of the twins. ‘Death is dark,
death is sweet.'

— Poppy Z. Brite, Lost Souls

While your wraith character isn't quite finished at this point, she's |
ready for you to start roleplaying with her. Your first time playing a
new character is called a Prelude, because it sets the stage for all of |

the action to come later. Most Preludes include the end of your
character' life, her death and her rebirth into the world of the Restless.)

105

Chapter Four: Characters


If the Storyteller's players trust himenough to will

ingly play whatever he wants to tun, it is sometimes

more effective for him to announce that he will be
running a game of Project Twilight or mortals against
the World of Darkn
is they d
elieve
Atsome

finds a way

He then oversees the players

sign living mortal characters for what they
vill be the game the Storyteller announced.
int during the Prelude, the Storyteller then

to take the characters across the Shroud

Most good roleplayers become very attached to their charac-
ters. They begin with ideas for characters they want to play, custom-
ize the ideas during construction, get a real feel for their personali-
ties from the Prelude and emerge with full-blown characters during
interactions with the Storyteller and other players' characters. These
first few opportunities for roleplaying are critical in the develop-
ment of the character, providing you with the chance to get inside
your character's head and react to things as she would. This is also a
critical time for setting up relationships to people, places and things
that will become the wraith's Fetters and Passions, making it easier
and more natural for your Storyteller to work them into the chronicle.

Passions and Fetters should never just be numbers on a page.
Each should represent something gut-wrenching, powerful and
undeniable. You should not be able to ignore a Passion when
you choose, but must become thoroughly involved with it. The
only way you can do this is if your Storyteller makes it real for
her, and one of the best ways to do this is through a Prelude. It is
always tempting, particularly if you have played Storyteller sys
tem games before to "skip to the good part," ignoring the indi-
vidual Preludes in favor of a quickie group introduction ora jump-
start right into the game. Don't give in to the temptation.

The Before-Death Experience

Itis absolutely essential for you to become fully involved with
who your character was before her death for anything after it to
have real meaning. Having a Passion of Pay back the boyfriend
who betrayed me (Anger) 2 on your character sheet has no real
emotional impact. Playing through a scene in which you go to
your boyfriend's house two hours early to put up streamers for his
surprise birthday party and walk in on him while he's with another
woman has impact. More than that, it allows your character to
react to the situation, and brings you into closer communion with
your character's feelings. If a prior scene had been played through
in which her boyfriend gave her a ring and pledged his love to her,
the betrayal scene would be all the more effective and affecting.

All the people who will become Fetters, or who have a great
deal to do with who the wraith is (parents, teachers, friends,
etc.), should be depicted sometime during the Prelude (which
can be run asa series of vignettes from the character's life leading
up to the moment of her death). Places your character frequents
and things that mean something to her should likewise appear,

106 Wraith: The Oblivion
Wee 3
MS "— S
OO a, Cri i a

not necessarily in a starring role. It's enough to mention them as
part of the scene, though it's more effective later if they too are
emotionally charged. Though you might write on your sheet that
you have a key as a three-point Fetter, it means nothing in and
of itself. Conversely, in the above example, the wraith who dis-
covered that her boyfriend was cheating on her might find that
she is Fettered to the key to his apartment.

The key now means something, whether it symbolizes a time
when there was trust between them, or is now perceived asa hated
possession without which she could never have entered the apart-
ment and discovered his perfidy. The importance is not in the
actual object, but the emotion invested in it. Fetters need not be
something the wraith cherishes. They can be things that plagued
the wraith in life, and which she wishes she could rid herself of in
death. Of course, losing a Fetter brings the wraith nearer to disso-
lution, so can she afford not to hold it to her or try to resolve it?

Working back and forth from the preliminary concept of your
character to the Prelude to the character's construction is the best
way to make certain that all the Fetters and Passions are honest
ones. Obviously, the concept of the character should mesh with the
Passions and Fetters she chooses. An Olympic-quality figure skater
would be unlikely, for instance, to have a horse as a Fetter; she just
wouldn't have enough time left over from practicing to go riding.
On the other hand, if the skater had left home to work for the gold
medal, but terribly missed her horse that she had ridden every day
when she was younger, the horse might qualify. Your Storyteller would
then need to incorporate something about your character's riding
and the way it made her feel into the character's Prelude.

qhe Death Concept

In much the same manner, though it is not a required step,
you and your Storyteller should determine your character's death
concept. While the life concept might be "actress" or "firefighter,"
the death concept would be "romantic suicide" or "hero." Each
would define the way in which the character died. Though it is
best if this comes about as a result of the Prelude, you might want
to define the manner of your character's death, then play to bring
it about. Naturally, Storytellers have a way of plotting the action
that might conflict with what the player had planned, meaning
the "romantic suicide" might become the "murder victim," and
the firefighter who wanted to die heroically might be thrown off
his truck and run over, thus becoming the "hit and run accident."
These circumstances might even become a part of your character's
personality, a resentment that she didn't get to choose the manner
of her death or the fact that her death seemed so pointless.

Awakening

The first few moments across the Shroud are also crucial in
establishing who your wraith is. The manner of her Reaping will
have a great deal to say about her later views on the Underworld. A
wraith who gets enslaved and barely escapes the forges is likely to
have a different take on the Hierarchy than someone who died and
was instantly recruited into a Legion. This part of the Prelude also
allows you to establish your character's Backgrounds realistically. If

ee ae BEAN ges =< "e
: ct) "a M hy, vg A

WANS 1 ON

your character has two dots in Mentor, here is where the Mentor
can introduce himself and offer an in-game reason for the character
knowing what she does about the Underworld. At the same time,
this prevents players who are a little overeager from saying things
like, "I died and was apprenticed to a Ferryman for 30 years, so I
should know where Charon's Mask is."

Not every character needs to be among the recently deceased,
but even if your wraith became one of the Restless in 1776, it's still
agood idea to runa Prelude. After all, there's nothing says that the
Prelude needs to roll directly into the chronicle; you can fast-for-
ward from your Prelude to the present with no trouble at all. Just
make sure that you're not tempted by long character experience
in the Shadowlands to bring knowledge that you have (but which
your character might not) into the game.

(GA

In time, the Deity perceived that death was a mistake; a mis-
take, in that it was insufficient; insufficient, for the reason that
while it was an admirable agent for the inflicting of misery upon
the survivor, it allowed the dead person himself to escape...

— Mark Twain, "Letters from the Earth"

There are a lot of questions still left unanswered about your char-
acter at this point, and you might want to take the Prelude as an
opportunity to answer some or all of them. Even if you don't run
through all of the questions listed below during the course of the Pre-
lude, you should at least be thinking about them. In the guise of your
character, you should attempt to know the answers to all of these.

¢ How old were you when you died?

Were you a child robbed of a full life, or were you struck
down in your prime? Maybe you were on the edge of adulthood,
or you might have seen seven decades. This determines the ex-
perience you've got to draw upon from your breathing days, and
also can say a lot about your appearance.

© What were your family and friends like when you
were alive?

Did you have a happy home life, or did you run away from
home? Were you one of those folks who needed to get out of the
house more, or were you a social butterfly? How did your friends
and family react to your death?

© What was the most shameful thing you've ever done?
The best?

Everyone's done things that they regret, some more deeply
that others. Figuring out what pains you most (as well as what
you did that you're the most proud of) goes a long way towards
defining your character. Did you cheat on your lover or steal
from those who trusted you? On the other hand, did you finish
your masterpiece, or did you accomplish some greater good?

© What places mattered to you when you were alive?

Some of these places will become your Haunts or even your
Fetters, but even those that have somewhat less importance
should still matter. If they're important to you, you'll return to
them and they'll provide scenes for later stories.

Chapter Four: Characters 107
GO Sf aS See

© How did you die?

You may have already figured out your death concept,
but the details can be important. "I was robbed at gunpoint as
I tried to get into my car, shot twice, then left to die on the
curb. None of the neighbors even came out to look," carries a
lot more impact than, "Umm, I got shot, I guess."

© When did you die?

Both day and date are important here. Did you die on your
birthday, or on some other day that was important to you (besides
the obvious). Did you die yesterday or a hundred years ago? This
determines how much Underworld experience you've got, not to}

mention what sort of attitudes you're likely to have on things like () 5

politics and equality between the sexes. It also might have a bearing (
‘on what sort of technology you're comfortable with; very few Napo- 6)
leonic-era wraiths are comfortable with computers, for example.

© How did you meet the rest of your Circle?

Were you just sitting around the local relic bar when you struck
up a conversation with the wraiths next to you? Did you all die to-
gether, or did you know the rest of your Circle when you were alive?
Are you in the same Legion, or members of the same Renegade gang? jj
How you and your Circlemates hooked up helps explain what keeps (
you together, and what you can and can't be expected to do together.

© How were you Reaped?

Your entrance to the Underworld can permanently color your
perspective on Restless existence. Was your Reaping gentle, accom-
plished bya Mentor ora loved one? Or were you taken asa Thrall and
rescued at the last moment? Perhaps a Ferryman Reaped you, and will
call upon you for repayment at some future date. Your affiliation (Hi-
erarchy, Heretic, Renegades) should be taken into account here.

© What do you do for fun?

The old joke goes that Saturday nights in the Shadowlands are 9

really dead. Wraiths don't just sit around and brood over their twilight 9
existences; they like to have fun asmuchas the livingdo.So,doyoulike 9
to tamper with the Quick (Skinriding for fun and profit!), or perhaps 7

just sit in front of an electronics store and watch TV. Maybe you've got |
acollection of relics (there's one Renegade whose collection of mateless
socks is legendary) that you attend to, or perhaps you prefer to dive ¥ /
into the Tempest and go hunting for Spectres. Here's a good chance |
tomake your existence as a wraith a little lighter; take advantage of it.

© Where does your Circle meet?

Haunts are valuable places; you might not want to have the
rest of your Circle invading yours every evening. So instead you
might have a common hangout, a bar, club or other social site that
offers either Pathos, entertainment or both. Every Necropolis has
places where the dead can gather and unwind — what's yours like?

© What are you after?

What makes you angry — or ecstatic? Are there certain issues |

that will just set you off, or are you as mellow as a ghost can get? 4, /7

What do you believe in, and what are you willing to fight for?

Once you know all of these things, you'll know your character.
In the process of deciding the answers to these questions, you'll
breathe life (or a reasonable facsimile thereof) into your wraith,
meaning that you'll be ready to play her properly.


y=

Fetters

"So you're telling me that I'm
stuck here? That this is what being
dead's all about?"

Time no Jongér seems to have
any meaning, so I'm not sure how
Jong I've been pacing back and forth
across the floor'of this abandoned
factory where the old man has led
me. The bas¢meat room is:huge,
dank and gloomy. Outside, power-
ful gusts of wind buffet the build-
ing like heavy hammer blows.
Wherever there's acrack or hole, the
wind whistles in with a high shrill-
ness. Dust and fine grains of sand
filter down from the ceiling over-
head. The floor, walls and- ceiling
are caked with acancerous black rot.

_ Allthe while, I keep a wary eye

on the old man who sits cross-

\ degged in the center of the floor.

Through the narrow, grimy windows
at ground level, I can see that the
sun is shining, but my view of the
outside world looks like an antique
sepia photograph:

Although I haven' scen or heard
anybody else since the barghests went
past, every now and then I catch a flut
ter of motion out of the corner of

my eye. When I turf to look, though,

 there'snothing there.

"Hell, no!" the old man says.
*No one knows what being dead's
all about. You're a wraith in the
Shadowlands. Faras I know, this is
just the beginning."

"A wraith?"

"A ghost. A phantom. Remem-
ber? You're dead."

"Yeah. Suse, but if I'm dead, then

whats this?" I say.as I extend my hand

and wave it in front of his face.

"That's your Corpus, smartass,
It's different from your body. It's
what's left after the physical
part...sloughs away." é

"Okay then," I say. weakly as
a wave of dizziness sweeps over
me. "What can you tell me about
the Shadowlands? Why am J here?
I sure as hell never wanted to end
up here."

"It's your Fetters. There's some:
thing holding you here, something
keeping you from moving on."

"Look — as far a8 I'm con-
cerned, I've got nothing:to keep
me anywhere." I shuddef as frag-
ments of my former life stir in

my memory. "Not Since

she...after my daughter died, and

but then my yoite chokes off,
and J fall silent.

‘The old man looksat me question-
ingly, silently urging me to continue.

"[..there wasn't any reason fo
keep on living," I whisper, "My
daughter's death ruined my marriage,
my career...cverything."

"So, you had a daughter?"

The old man's eyes glisten with
sudden interest as he says this,
stretching out the last word. I barely
have the strength to nod.

"Then she might be here; tooe
he says. "Course, my money's on
your wife..."

"Ex-wife," | interrupt.

"Excwife," he continues without
skipping 'beat, "being your big Fetter.
Recent divorce, right?" He plows'on
without looking up to see me nod in
agreement. "Hmmph. She might serve
for your daughter, too, now that you've
kicked it. Let me tell you, it's no fun
when a Fetter dies!No fun at all."

A feeble spark of hope' flares
up in my breast, but it's so small it
quickly sputters and fades.

Karen is dead and gone, | tell
myself, and that's all there is to it.

But then another, softer voice
deep inside my mind whispers, But
what if she's spent the last
five years here, alone in
this dangerous place?

Waiting for:her- daddy?

xe


T have to close my eyes tightly
to contro! the storm of emotions
that rage in. my heart.

"Maybe you should try to find

© that I almost mistake his voice for
my own thoughts. I look at him,
wanting toask him if he has any idea

how I'can go about finding her, but

suddenly I know.

* Just as, somehow, without
i} _ knowing how or why I ended up at
ite Pine Knoll Elementary, 1 know

where to start looking for my dead

_ daughter — at Riverside Cemetery,
where she's buried.

"I...T have to go outside," I stam-

he met, and without waiting to hear if
the old man has anything more to
say, I turn and walk up the concrete

fairs, back out into the world of
oddly diffused sunlight and shadow.
~~ "You can't go outside!" the old
Ml »\.. man shouts, limping along behind me.
"Tt's too dangerous!"

aN "T didn't ask for this, all right?"

* Tsay, turfiing to him. "And sure as

he  "Youdon' really have much choice
about the matter," he says. "Not un-

Jess you want to embrace Oblivion."

‘a

hap Without really knowing what

: 5 "her," the old man suggests so'softly

like the sound of that word. My
first thought is that Oblivion
sounds like death for the dead.

"So as longas you're here," the
old man continues, "you might as
well make the most of it. You might
consider joining in with me,"

I shake my head, confused. I'm
having tropble processing what's
happened so far, but who could
blame me? How'can The expected
to accept the fact that I'm dead?

"Why should I join you?" I ask
after a moment of silence broken
only by the fluting of the wind. .

The old man doesn't Se
immediately. I watch his éyes shift
like oiled beads to one side, then
the other, like he's keeping a watch
on someone that Ican't see. ;

"Because the Shadowlands are
very dangerous," he says at last.

"How can they be dangerous?"
I say as an icy coil of tension slith-
ets through me. "We're already dead!
What could possibly hurts now?"

"Plenty, believe mé," the old
man repliésy "For one) there's the
slayers. If the Hierarchy dont get
you, the Renegadeswifl! the minute
you drop your guard. ‘N there's
other wraiths around who'd just as

soon cart you off in chains."

Leaning forward, the old man
casts another cautious glance back
and forth and then in a low voice
adds, "And, of course, there's always
the Spectres, and the holy rollertype
Heretics, and...Ferrymen."

He whispers this last word so softly
¥'m not quite sure | hear him comrectly.

"Ferrymen?" I ccho, taking a
step closer:

As if on cue, the wind out-
side gusts suddenly louder, shak-
ing the foundation and causing
something on the upper floor to
fall with a loud crash.

The old man nails me with a
piercing stare, then says, "As a mat-
ter of ‘fact, I understand that you
were seen talking to a Ferryman."

"No, that's not possible," I say,
shaking my head in adamant denial.
"Thavent seen anyone else, much less
spoken to them."

"Well, now," the old man says,
rubbing his hands together, "maybe
you wont admit it, or maybe you
don't remember it, but you were
definitely seen with one, and that
ain't good. Not good a'tall."

"Why's that?" I ask,

"Because if this Ferryman
Reaped you, then eventually he'll be
coming back for you."



| character's capabilities, strengths and
weaknesses. They allow you to translate
a character into game reality by means
of dice rolls, as well as helping you un-
derstand and develop your character.
Traits are only the framework that
a character concept is built upon, but frameworks are im-
portant things. Your character's Traits delineate the gen-
eral parameters of what he can do, but what he actually
does comes through your roleplaying and imagination.

NSS te on ae

White...It serves as a beginning. White cloth may be dyed.
The white page can be overwritten...
—J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
raits are the way you detail a Wraith
;
,

Wraith Traits are intentionally left broad and open to in- 9)
terpretation, so that more time is spent on the character
than on the character sheet. The idea is to take the Traits
you select and use them as a basis for how your character
acts, as opposed to plugging numbers of dots and dice into
prefabricated situations.

In this chapter is a description of all of the basic Traits
you'll need to weigh in creating a Wraith character. Your
character won't have all of these, but the descriptions that
are provided here allow you to judge which ones will be
right for the particular character you have in mind.

Chapter Five: Traits 111

Specialties

Certain types of Traits (Attributes and Abilities) can have
specialties. If a wraith has a rating of 4 or higher in a Trait, he
may choose a specialty — an aspect of that Trait in which he
has a particular aptitude. A specialty in Dexterity could be
described as Speed; a specialty in Drive could be Rush Hour
Traffic or Off-road. A wraith with the Rush Hour Traffic spe-
cialty would thus be a very good driver normally, but espe-
cially adept at weaving through the 5 o' clock traffic snarls.

Every time a wraith uses his specialty, he has the oppor-
tunity to re-roll all 10s on the initial roll in an attempt to
gain additional successes.

Archetypes

Would you like my mask?

would you like my mirror?

cries the man in the shadowing hood

You can look at yourself,

you can look at each other

or you can look at the face of your god.

— Loreena McKennitt, "Marrakesh Night Market"
FA rchetypes are rough personality types into
which wraiths can fall. They are basic descrip-
tors for the wraith's personality, both her true
one and the one she lets the world see. No
wraith fits any Archetype exactly, but usu-
ally there is one that describes her character
concept well. This Archetype should be cho-
sen as the character's Nature, while the one that best fits how she
faces the world should be marked down as her Demeanor. The
conflict between these two Archetypes helps define the character,
as do the actions she will take in order to remain "in character" for
both her Nature and Demeanor.

In game terms, Archetypes are important because acting in
accordance with her Nature is a way for a wraith to regain pre-
cious Willpower points. If the character has just performed an
action that the player feels is appropriate for granting her char-
acter a point of Willpower, based upon her Nature, she should
inform her Storyteller. If he feels that the justification for the
request is valid, he can allow the character to regain between
one and three points of Willpower. However, Storytellers should
always feel free to disagree with players' requests for Willpower if
they feel the logic behind the request is flimsy, or if it appears
that the character has been performing certain actions solely to
regain Willpower. Archetypes should encourage roleplaying, with
the Willpower gain serving as a reward for expressing the con-
cept of the character well within the structure of the story.

If players wish, they should feel free to create their own
character Archetypes, as the ones listed here are but a small
sample of the many faces of humanity. Additionally, Arche-
types for the Shadow can be found on page 166.

2 Wraith: The Oblivion

Creation is the Architect's focus, the process of creat-
ing something out of nothing. He denies Oblivion by con-
tinually creating new things, whether they be social struc-
tures, actual objects or even just plans for the future. An
Architect's driving goal is to create and order the uncoordi-
nated elements that surround him. Chaos drives him to dis-
traction, as does the notion that all of his carefully planned
creations will come tumbling down someday. Someday isn't
here yet, though, and in the meantime there's so much that
needs his hand to order it.

— Regain Willpower every time a plan of yours comes to
fruition.

Avant-Garde

The Avant-Garde has an interest only in the new. If it's
been done, it's not of interest to her. Order doesn't matter
to her so much as discovering or creating what's new, or at
least being the first one she knows to discover something.
The thrill of experimentation is a major lure to the Avant-
Garde, and she's not afraid to take risks to achieve a new
effect. Every Avant-Garde dreads the day she falls behind
the cutting edge, but each one will also work like mad to
make sure that never happens.

— Regain Willpower whenever you find a new approach
to something old.

Bon Vivant

The Bon Vivant looks into Oblivion and sees the nega-
tion of all things. To avoid confronting this horror, he es-
capes in the only way he can: by deadening his senses with
pleasure. There is nothing immoral about the Bon Vivant's
hedonism, as it serves to reaffirm the power of existence in
the face of Oblivion. While the Bon Vivant worries about
the day when he runs out of new pleasures and is dragged
down by ennui, he's got better things to concern himself with
in the meantime. Bon Vivants are often short-sighted, focused
on nothing more than the next thrill.

— Regain Willpower whenever you have an unadulter-
ated good time.

Bravo

The Bravo reinforces her own self-worth by pumping
herself up and denigrating others. Fear is to be faced, and doubt
must never be shown in front of the enemy. Failure is not an
option for the Bravo, but unfortunately, neither is compro-
mise or strategy. The Bravo is constantly trying to achieve
dominance in any situation she encounters, and will keep on
pushing for it until she either gets it or is soundly defeated.

— Regain Willpower every time you make someone else
back down.


Bureaucrat

The Bureaucrat fits perfectly into the System. It nurtures
and protects him, even as he maintains and serves it. Bureau-
crats are most often found among Hierarchy ranks, to no one's
surprise, and will subvert all other considerations to process.
It doesn't matter if a dozen Spectres are camped out on the
front steps; the Legionnaires to fight them must be requisi-
tioned properly. While this may seem inefficient, the Bureau-
crat knows that order is the key to resisting Oblivion, and he
will cling to that order no matter what.

— Regain Willpower every time disaster is averted (or a

crisis resolved) by following correct procedures.

Caregiver

The Caregiver is well-loved in the Underworld, as her
concern for others bulwarks many wraiths against the pull of
Oblivion. She will make sacrifices, but always with a purpose
and a clear goal of reducing others' suffering in mind. That
doesn't mean that Caregivers are unstintingly generous, na-
ive or impractical; many have a discerning eye for whom they'll
make an effort. Just because the Caregiver worries about oth-
ers doesn't mean that she's blind to their faults.

— Regain Willpower every time you receive tangible
proof that you have helped another.

A combination of naiveté and egomania, the Child has
a wide-eyed innocence about existence in the Underworld.
He also has a steely determination to have things his way no
matter what, and will answer the most logical argument for
abstaining with, "But I want to!" Wraiths with the Child Ar
chetype are not necessarily children; a great many adults who
reach the Shadowlands never matured emotionally while they
were alive. While the Child's innocent faith can be inspiring Q
to other wraiths, his narrow vision and stubbornness can be ¢
infuriating and even dangerous. ‘

— Regain Willpower whenever you get your way through
mulish determination.

Conniver

The Conniver seeks to get ahead through judicious sub-
version of the System. She may need the System to advance
and accrue status, but to her way of thinking, the System is
there for her benefit and not the other way around. When
the System can help her, she's glad to play along; when it
keeps her from doing what she wants, she'll blithely ignore it.
The Conniver is excellent at getting others to do what she
wants, but lives in terror of the day when no one will listen to
her and she must act, inexperienced and unprotected, on her

113


to suspect all other wraiths of behaving the same way, and
thus have tremendous difficulties with trust.

— Regain Willpower every time you convince another
wraith to take on a difficult or hazardous situation for you.

Critic
The Critic finds purpose in death by revealing weakness

and faults in others, whether in artwork, an organization or
in a person's habits. He strives to perfect others by pointing

/) out their flaws so that those flaws might be corrected. Of

course, some wraiths see him as merely self-aggrandizing, but
what he does he does for their good and the personal conse-
quences be damned. Occasionally the Critic will do his job
too well and convince others that they are not just flawed but
actually worthless; the spate of self-loathing this can inspire
in the Critic can have unpleasant repercussions.

—Regain Willpower whenever you point out a flaw in
someone or something else that would have been harmful had
it not been detected.

Explorer

The Explorer finds her purpose on the road of discovery.
The prospect of finding new places, people and things fires
her gray existence with excitement, and she will wander from

114 Wraith: The Oblivion

the darkest jungles of the Flayed Lands to the heart of the
Labyrinth on her quests. She exists in dread of the day when
everything is discovered, but does her part to bring that
nearer by searching out the new and exciting whenever she
can. This does sometimes get her companions in trouble as
they get dragged off, willy-nilly, into a quest for the Lost
Treasures of Gorool or some such, but in the Explorer's eyes,
it's more than worth it.

— Regain Willpower when you come across something
no one else ever has.

follower

The Follower is a curious Archetype, and a common one
in the Shadowlands. The average Follower is not necessarily
a Hierarchy citizen; charismatic Heretics and Renegade dema-
gogues need Followers as well. The Follower does recognize,
though, that no matter who he follows, his leader knows bet-
ter than he does. His best bet for survival is to take orders; to
demonstrate initiative is to step out of place. This sometimes
leads to disaster, as the Follower will stand silent rather than
point out to his leader that trouble is looming. On the other
hand, in the fractious Underworld there's much to be said for
loyalty and obedience from someone besides a barghest.

— Regain Willpower if you survive a hazardous situation
by following orders to the letter.


Gambler

The Gambler does things, not for the ends, but for the
thrill that the means provides. By risking herself time and
again, she energizes and re-affirms her unliving existence.
Boredom is Oblivion, and the stakes are never so high that
they can't be made higher. A Gambler tends to have a very
active Shadow, but sometimes an oddly sympathetic one,
as if even her dark side needs an adrenaline-esque rush every
now and then. Of course, taking so many risks does have
its inevitable price, but to the Gambler, it's more than worth
it, just for the thrill.

— Regain Willpower every time you place yourself in
an existence-threatening situation and then wriggle your
way out of it.

jester

To the Jester, everything is a joke. And well it should
be, because he's dead, so is everyone else, and the only sane
reaction to that is humor. While a Jester may not know
when to quit, continuing to make jokes at all (and espe-
cially at inappropriate) times, his presence and antics serve
to lighten the gloom that can easily overwhelm those who
dwell in the Underworld.

— Regain Willpower whenever you can lighten the
mood and improve a tense situation.

Leader

The Leader is the one who takes up the cause and
convinces others to follow her. It doesn't matter if the
cause was originally hers or not; what matters is that it's
hers now. Getting others to follow her lead isn't an if, it's

% a when. While there always exists the possibility of lead-
ing others to their doom, a Leader is always convinced
that she knows the best way into — and out of — any
given situation.

— Regain Willpower when others follow you with-
out questioning your orders or decisions.

Martyr

The Martyr is always willing to throw himself into the
breach in order to solve the problem. He is ready to put
himself at risk in order that others or a cause survive or
succeed, even when a sacrifice isn't necessary. Workaholics
and perfectionists, Martyrs don't seek rewards, only recog-
nition of their sacrifices. Other wraiths often deride the
Martyr as suicidal, but in his heart the only thing that both-
ers him is the idea of sacrificing himself in vain. Unfortu-
nately, many do.

— Regain Willpower whenever you sacrifice yourself
or something of yours to a higher goal.

The Mediator focuses on solving the problems of oth-
ers. She mediates disputes, acts as a friend to help a person
get through difficulty, or even serves as an arbitrator or
judge. Compromise and unity are vital to a Mediator, and
she'll often emulate the Martyr in self-sacrificing to en-
courage others to reach an agreement. Conflict is abhor-
rent to a Mediator, especially combat, and she will try ev-
ery option available before resorting to force. A Mediator's
greatest fear is that her failures will sweep up and doom
hundreds or thousands of other wraiths. This overdevel-
oped sense of responsibility gets many Mediators in trouble.

— Regain Willpower anytime you convince others to
compromise.

Rebel

The Rebel believes that the current system is in need of
replacement, even if he doesn't know what that replacement
should be. A force for change and activism, he works in-
stinctively to overthrow authority. The world is black and
white to a Rebel; the enemy has no good points and must be
destroyed, while his own cause is pure and spotless. Many Rebels
do harbor nagging doubts as to whether or not they're doing
the right thing, dreading a revelation that they are actually
working for Oblivion. Still, those fears only come rarely, and
the rest of the time most Rebels can border on fanaticism.

— Regain Willpower whenever you act to overthrow an
established authority.

Scientist

The Scientist approaches the world as a riddle to be solved.
She takes the world and its problems, breaks them into dis-
crete steps, and solves them in a rational manner using logic
and deduction. Her ultimate goal is to understand every detail
and mechanism. The process may take some time, though, for
she isas likely to get distracted by an interesting tangent as she
is to answer the original question. Scientist Archetypes are not
always actual scientists; instead the name refers to the analyti-
cal approach which this Archetype brings to its perception of ¢
the world. Of course, all Scientists know that entropy always ¢
increases, but that doesn't stop them from fighting Oblivion
anyway. Unless, of course, they get distracted...

— Regain Willpower whenever a rational, scientific ap-
proach to a situation helps to solve it.

Survivor

The Survivor has dedicated his afterlife to saving his own
Corpus, minimizing his concern for others in order to protect
himself. Existence, at any cost, is what the Survivor values,
and he will cling to it with a frightening tenacity. On one hand

Chapter Five: Traits

———=

this makes him willing to throw his companions to the wolves
to save his own skin, but on the other it makes for a wraith who
will never surrender, no matter what. Most Survivors are self-
centered and dislike taking risks, but a few are daredevil-types.

—Regain Willpower whenever you escape a situation that
threatens your very existence.

[raditionalst

The Traditionalist believes that the solutions for today's prob-
lems can be found by the application of the methods of the past.
She resists Oblivion by working to preserve old institutions, an-
choring herself against entropy's pull by attaching herself to exist-
ing structures. Rejecting the new and innovative, the Traditional-
ist exists in terror that by abandoning tradition, her fellow wraiths
are willingly surrendering a potent defense against Oblivion.

— Regain Willpower whenever a tried-and-true method
proves effective, especially in thwarting Oblivion.

Visionary

The Visionary has as his goal something that only he can see,
something to which he has dedicated his existence. The exact
details of this vision are unimportant; it is enough that it has never
been done before. It is through the Visionary's efforts that Oblivion
can forever be thwarted, for in his dedication to creation he denies
the destruction that Oblivion represents. Of course, many Vision-
aries secretly harbor the fear that their great goal actually serves
Oblivion, but they will deny this even to their Pardoners.

— Regain Willpower whenever you take a concrete step
toward achieving your overarching goal.

Attributes

ttributes are the basic descriptors of a wraith,
and affect all of his interactions with others
and the Shadowlands. Based partially upon
awraith's self-perception, Attributes still rate
how the wraith's Corpus compares physically
S| (and how his Psyche compares socially and

mentally) with those of his peers in the Un-
derworld. A wraith's Corpus and capabilities are based on his
long-standing knowledge of what he is capable of, and are no
more susceptible to change than the Attributes of the living are.

Physical Attributes

Why any wraith should be stronger, weaker or faster than an-
other is unknown, but a wraith's Corpus conforms to his preconcep-
tions of it, which mold it and its capabilities to match his mortal
body even before the Caul has been removed. Physical Attributes
are the easiest of a wraith's Traits to define and comprehend, and are
the ones most often used in terms of game system mechanics.

116 Wraith: The Oblivion

Strenet

Strength is the measure of the wraith's physical ability to
change the world around him, whether by damaging another
wraith, lifting something or trying to displace a resting ob-
ject. How much physical damage a wraith can do is based
upon his Strength score, and this Attribute is also used for
jumps, leaps and other activities that draw on raw physical
power. Strength is used to determine the base number of dice
used in physical attacks.

Specialties: Buff, Ripped, Mighty, Puissant, Wiry, Large,
Husky, Able-Bodied

° Weakling: No comment necessary.

ee Average: You could bench-press your own weight.
Good: You were exceptionally strong.
Exceptional: Boxers envied the force of your haymaker.
Outstanding: Olympic-caliber powerlifter.

Dexterity

Dexterity is a matter of both fine and large motor skills. It
rates how fast you run, how well you handle a needle and thread,
and everything in between that relates to speed, grace and con-
trol. Dexterity is also used to set the base number of dice in
order to determine whether or not you hit a target in combat.

Specialties: Fast, Quick, Delicate, Steady, Deft, Catlike,
Lithe, Flexible, Sure-Footed

° Poor: You routinely cut yourself while shaving
or making salads.

oe Average: You could handle sharp objects and
emerge unscathed.

Good: You could juggle easily.

Exceptional: You could juggle knives easily.
© Outstanding: You had the grace and litheness
of a jungle cat.

Stamina

Stamina is the Attribute that determines your Corpus'
coherency, basically how well your body stays together when
outside forces are trying to rip it apart. It also determines just
how long your body can maintain physical exertion and how
well you resisted disease, torture and pain while you were alive.
In game terms, Stamina is used to determine the base number
of dice in order to soak damage.

Specialties: Tough, Tireless, Enduring, Determined, Te-
nacious, Relentless, Resilient

O Poor: Colds routinely kept you home from work.

ee Average: Insurance companies deemed you an
"acceptable risk."

eee Good: Broken bones barely slowed you down.

eeee Exceptional: Marathons were a hobby;

triathlons a calling.

@eeee Outstanding: You survived being given enough
poison to kill an elephant, being shot three times, getting
stabbed over 10 times, beaten by at least five people, tied up,
placed in a sack and dumped in a freezing river.

Social Attributes

Social Attributes determine how a wraith is able to
deal with others. They help define how the wraith places
himself in society and how he relates to other wraiths, re-
gardless of political affiliation or social standing.

Charisma

Charisma defines the wraith's overt presence with other
wraiths. Charisma determines how well the wraith attracts
others, persuades them or leads them willingly. Unlike
Manipulation, wraiths who are affected by Charisma feel
that they are acting of their own free will; Charisma works
by appeal, not through tricks.

Specialties: Smooth, Eloquent, Classy, Savoir-Faire,
Genial, Well-Mannered, Urbane, Sophisticated, Folksy,

Captivating

° Poor: Even on the playground you were
shunned.

ee Average: People liked being around you, more
or less.

eee Good: You could get dates quickly and easily.

eeee Exceptional: People felt guilty about disagree-
ing with you, even slightly.

eeeee Outstanding: You could have led a nation —
ora religion.

Manipulation

Manipulation is the flip side of Charisma, for it is
the ability to bring wraiths onto your side without them
realizing it, rather than convincing them through the
force of your personality. It is the ability to get others to
perform actions without their initial consent, and does
carry risks. People do not like to realize that they have
been fooled, so a failure on a Manipulation roll does carry
consequences.

Specialties: Glib, Persuasive, Cunning, Logical, Remorse-
less, Bravado, Forked Tongue, Witty, Legalese

° Poor: You couldn't talk Mom into letting you
stay up late.
oe Average: Occasionally you got your way.

eee Good: You always got your way.
°

¢ Exceptional: You could have been a politician.
eeeee Outstanding: Lawyers took notes when
speaking with you.


Appearance

The Appearance Attribute is not merely your physical looks,
but also your ability to create a definite impression. While the other
two Social Attributes require time and conversation to function,
Appearance allows basic concepts to be communicated instantly
and silently through the nuances of body langu:

| expres-
ad use of

sion and other subconscious cues. Despite the wide:
masks in the Shadowlands, your ability to give and re

e impres-
sions is unhampered, for it is not just the face that communicates.

Specialties: Stunning, Gorgeous, Sexy, Honest-Looking,
Noble, Dignified, Pleasing, Handsome, Luminous

° Poor: Usually people didn't scream when they saw you.

oe Average: A face in the crowd.

° Good: Reasonably attractive.
eeee Exceptional: One of the "25 Most Beautiful
Wraiths" of the year.

eeeee Outstanding: A face and physique for the ages.

Mental Attributes

Mental Attributes relate to a wraith's mental capacity:

memory, perception, thoughts and base knowledge. They
measure a wraith's actual sentience and detail how fast he
can think, how much he can think about, and whether he
knows what he should be thinking about.

Perception

Perception determines how much you notice of the world
(or Underworld) around you. Your Perception rating describes
how well you pick up incidental details, how much you actu-
ally garner from conversations with others, and how much
more beyond the obvious you are generally aware of.

Specialties: Insightful, Attentive, Probing, Patient, De-
tail-Oriented, Astute, Observant, Clueful

. Poor: You often walked into trees.
oe Average: You were aware of the basics of your
surroundings.

Good: You could find subtext in advertising and

¢ Exceptional: The smallest details caught your eye.

© Outstanding: Needles? Hayst

intelligence

Intelligence is the sum of both your knowledge and your
ability to reach new conclusions. It is your ability to take dis-

acks? Child's play.

crete pieces of information and fit them together into a co-
herent whole, as well as a measure of how complex the ideas
you can comprehend might be. Intelligence is not a measure
of how fast you think, it's a measure of how well you think
and, to a lesser extent, what you already know.

Specialties: Knowledgeable, Smart, Bookworm, Re-
searcher, Clear Thinker, Astute, Pragmatic
Poor: Adding numbers higher than 10 was difficult.
Average: You could count your change and
know if you'd been ripped off.
Good: You could calculate tips in your head.

Exceptional: Quantum physics and macroeco-
nomic theory made sense to you.

Outstanding: An IQ of 200 — or more.

eocce

Wits
Wits is your ability to react to the information that is presented

you. Essentially, your Wits Attribute determines how well you think
‘on your feet, how fast you can use information you process and how

efficient you're likely to be under stress. It also includes, to a degree,
humor, and could well be described as the "baud rate of the brain."

Specialties: Clever, Shrewd, Sharp, Quick-Witted, Level-
Headed, Creative, Free Association

. Poor: What was that "tick — tick — tick"
sound, anyway?

ee Average: You knew when to hold or fold in poker.
Good: You could guess the punchlines of jokes
you heard for the first time.

eece Exceptional: You could follow Shakespearean
dialogue without skipping a beat.

eeeee Outstanding: Your eee processes were
supercomputer-quick.

Abilities

...to do that voodoo that you do so well...
Cole Porter, "You Do Something to Me"

Talents

trictly untrained and intuitive, Talents are
the things you have a knack for from the
day you are born. Most Talents can't be
picked up through training (though Brawl
and a few others are exceptions), only
§| through direct experience and native-born
ability. There's no penalty for trying a roll on
a Talent you don't possess, as these Abilities are so natural that
everyone has at least a very basic idea of how to perform them.

Alertness

This Ability displays how aware you are of your physical sur-
roundings. It has nothing to do with eerie feelings or the super-
natural; it's just a measure of knowing what's physically out there.
Alertness extends to sounds, smells and touches as well as sights.

A wraith has the option of hyperattenuating her senses (see
"Sharpened Senses," page 23) at will, and sometimes this re- ()
quiresa roll of Perception + Alertness to see things in the Skinlands.

°

someone taps your shoulder.

oe Competent: You could see how a stage magi-
cian did his tricks.

eee Practiced: Pickpockets knew to avoid you.

eeee Expert: No one's managed to sneak up on you
in decades.

e@eeee Master: You can hear a pin drop and know

what type of grenade it came from.
Possessed by: Night Watchmen, Sentries, Paranoiacs,
Hunters, Secret Service Agents

Specialties: Vigilance, Traps, Bodyguarding, Ambushes, if

Crowds, Spectres

Athletics

Athletics isa measure of general physical fitnessand skill at using one's
body in ways other than combat. This Ability measures how
good you are at climbing trees, leaping chasms, walking tightropes
and hitting fastballs.

Athletics are complex Talents, requiring the combination of | ¢
Physical Attributes and motor skills. Any roll that requires only
an Attribute, such as powerlifting, does not involve Athletics.

° Novice: You weren't the last kid chosen on
the playground.

oe Competent: You were the terror of the com-
pany softball league.

eee Practiced: You almost made the big leagues. 6
Expert: You could have made the Olympic team. §
Master: You signed a $7.4M contract and the §
fans didn't think you were overpaid. y

Possessed by: Professional Athletes, Fitness Nuts, Aero- ]
bics Instructors, Dancers

Specialties: Acrobatics, Gymnastics, Specific Sports, 4
General Fitness, Swimming i

Awareness

Awareness is the psychic equivalent of Alertness. With Aware-

ness, you instantly notice when things are not as they should be. 5

This is useful in detecting evidence of Arcanoi or Spectres, seeing
if other supernatural beings have been about, and sensing when
something contrary to the laws of nature is about to happen.
Novice: You can tell ifa photo of Bigfoot looks genuine.
Competent: Some say you had second sight.
Practiced: You made money on the side by dowsing.
Expert: Little that is odd escapes your eye.

Master: You can sniff the breeze and know
when the next Maelstrom is coming.

Chapter Five: Traits 119
(KOOP Gi ae ee REA oy

Novice: You know which side to look on when (


Possessed by: Tarot Readers, Occult Investigators, Para-
psychologists, Psychics

Specialties: Animals, Magic, Supernatural Creatures,
Haunted Houses

Brawl

Brawl is the gentle art of hitting something and watching it
fall down. It serves as a catchall term for any form of unarmed
combat, from martial arts to two drunks blindly wrestling on a
pool table. This Ability covers everything from haymakers to
eye-gouging to spinning side kicks, pretty much any combat
maneuver that doesn't require a weapon. Brawls are generally
less lethal than armed combat, but this Talent can be quite deadly.

° Novice: Little kids on playgrounds feared you.

ee Practiced: You could hit someone and he'd know it.
Competent: Professional legbreakers left you alone.
Expert: All the muggers would leave a subway
car that you entered.

e@eeee Master: Two sounds — you hitting them, them
hitting the floor.

Possessed by: Big Guys Who Ride Harleys, Soldiers, Cops,
Martial Artists, Thugs

Specialties: Martial Arts, Boxing, Gratuitous Violence,
Wrestling, Grappling

Dodge

Dodge is the Talent that some possess for getting out of
the way. One can dodge oncoming traffic, bullets, flying fists
or just about anything else, but the principle remains the same.
This Ability covers avoiding missile, melee and brawl attacks.

. Novice: You could cross the street without be-
coming roadkill.

eo Practiced: When the bullets flew, you knew
where to hide.

eee Competent: The playground was your turf dur-
ing dodgeball.

eeee Expert: Why buy a fan when you got the breeze

from people swinging at you?
Master: Jackie Chan.

Possessed by: Cowards, Martial Artists, Survivalists, Cat
Burglars, Military Personnel

Specialties: Acrobatic Leaps, Ducking for Cover, Dive, Sidestep

Empathy

This Talent is related to sensing and understanding what oth-
ers are feeling. This is not to say that using Empathy automatically
makes you sympathetic to what you pick up from others, but you do
get an accurate reading of what they are really feeling. Empathy is
also useful in allowing you to get a general feel for your surroundings,
and whether the vibes in an area are good, bad or indifferent.

120 Wraith: The Oblivion

° Novice: You can keep your foot out of your mouth.

oe Practiced: Everyone cried on your shoulder.
Competent: You know why others do what they do.
Expert: It's almost impossible to slip a lie past you.

© Master: Your psychiatrist told you about his

mother.

Possessed by: Parents, Teachers, Psychiatrists, Actors,
Salesmen

Specialties: Deep Motivations, Truths, Personalities,
Emotions

Expression

Expression allows you to get your point across clearly,
concisely and accurately. It's the measure of how well you
can speak or write, regardless of topic. Characters with high
Expression ratings can be extremely memorable for what
they've said or written, even if there's nothing else remark-
able about them.

° Novice: You wrote for your school paper.

ee Competent: You successfully contested
parking tickets.

eee Practiced: You were published professionally,

Expert: You hit the best-seller list.
Master: You rank with Cicero and Daniel

Webster.

Possessed by: Writers, Columnists, Stand-up Comedians,
Talk Show Hosts, Actors, Demagogues

Specialties: Poetry, Off-the-cuff Remarks, After-Dinner
Speaking, Rabble-Rousing, The Dozens

intimidation

Intimidation allows you to gently — or not so gently
— coerce another into doing your will. Uses of Intimida-
tion range from subtle threats to making examples to caus-
ing severe physical pain, and each of these techniques
has a time and a place. Wraiths with a high level of In-

timidation can cow others with a look, and often seem to
radiate authority.

° Novice: You could take candy from babies.

ee Competent: You never lacked for other kids'
lunch money.

eee Practiced: "Nice place you got here. Be a real

shame if something happened to it...."
eeee Expert: You could terrorize writers into mak-
ing their deadlines.
Master: You frightened off IRS auditors.
Possessed by: Thugs, Mafiosi, Businessmen, IRS Agents,
Bouncers, Babysitters
Specialties: Icy Stare, Implied Pain, Veiled Threats, Mas-
sive Property Damage

Streetwise

On the streets, everything can be had — information,
drugs, guns, you name it. Streetwise is the art of knowing what
you want, who has it, and how you can get it from them safely.
With Streetwise comes a knowledge of slang and street cus-
tom, as well as an instinctive way of fitting in. Wraiths with-
out Streetwise who attempt to enter the street scene are eas-
ily identified as being out of their element; wraiths who do
have Streetwise are given an automatic sense of belonging.

° Novice: People saw you and didn't scream "Narc!"

oe Competent: You could get connected with a
few hours' effort.

Practiced: You know where the bodies were buried.
eeee Expert: You know where the bodies were bur-
ied, who buried them, and where they rented the equipment.
e@eeee ~~ Master: Youcouldgetanything, atany time, inany place.
Possessed by: Hustlers, Pimps, Runaways, Crime Novelists,
Cops, Reporters
Specialties: Finding Info, Panhandling, Trashpicking,
Dealing, Fencing

Subterfuge

This Talent allows you to bend, mangle or break the truth
and get away with it. In addition, you also can sense when
others are doing the same or trying to hide their motives. At
your best you could dissect a dissembling witness on the stand;
at your worst you could make a fortune selling used cars.

. Novice: You could cheat on a test in high
school and get away with it.

ee Competent: You could have made a living at
door-to-door sales.

eee Practiced: You had your pick of law schools.

°

¢ Expert: You promised to lower taxes and in-
ending, and people believed you.
*® Master: What DNA evidence?

ssed by: FBI Agents, Accountants, Lawyers, Little
Kids, Casanovas

creas

Specialties: Baldfaced Lying, False Testimony, Financial
Scams, Seduction, Little White Lies

Additional Talents

Search, Scrounge, Guile, Intrigue, Instruction

Sill

Skills are Abilities that can be acquired through rigorous train-
ing or apprenticeship. Part intuition, part learned information,
Skills are equal halves talent and training. If you attempt to make
a Skill roll relating toa Skill in which you have a rating of zero, the
difficulty for that roll is increased by + 1, to reflect the fact that

you don't have more than a vague idea of what you're doing.

Crafts

Crafts involves taking raw materials and building some-
thing useful from them. It refers to the skills of master arti-
sans — gem cutting, glass blowing, leatherworking, woodwork-
ing, etc. The number of successes on a Crafts roll indicates
how well-made the object in question is.

. Novice: You could make a birdhouse from
popsicle sticks.

oe Practiced: You made something in shop class
that you could actually use.

eee Competent: You were a regular on the local
craft fair circuit.

eoce Expert: You taught advanced classes at arts centers.

@eeee Master: Collectors instantly recognize your work.

Possessed by: Artisans, Potters, Artificers, Scout Leaders

» Specialties: Woodworking, Sewing, Candlemaking,
Stonemasonry, Blacksmithing

Drive

It is assumed that all modern characters have a base fa-
miliarity with the Drive Skill, allowing them to handle an
automobile with reasonable ease in normal situations. Instead,
Drive allows you to perform tricky maneuvers, drive at high
speeds and engage in car chases. On the other hand, just be-

Wraith: The Oblivion

alts

eat eas
ro. ey *

= 5 ates

OMe sa eee te

cause you're familiar with one type of land vehicle doesn't
mean that you can handle another; there's a world of differ-
ence between a sub-compact and a troop carrier. The diffi-
culty of a Drive roll can increase or decrease, depending upon
how familiar you are with the vehicle you're driving.

Older wraiths can be considered to have base familiarity
with wagons or horseback riding in the same way modern
characters are familiar with cars.

° Novice: You could handle long highway trips.
ee Practiced: You could drive stick shift.

ooo Competent: You survived driving in Boston in winter.
eeee — Expert: You could have been a professional race

car driver.

eeeee Master: New York rush hour traffic? You could
handle it backward.

Possessed by: Taxi Drivers,
Chauffeurs, Bagmen

Specialties: City Traffic, Off Road, Stunt Driving, Bad

Weather, Ice

Etiquette

Etiquette is the measure of your understanding of the

Auto Racers, Teenagers,

nuances and delicate balances of polite society in a myriad of
social circumstances. Such a Skill is useful during diplomatic
engagements, gatherings or encounters with higher soc


. Novice: You know when to keep your mouth shut.
ee Practiced: You know the difference between
formal and black tie.

eee Competent: You knew which utensil to use for
which course.
eeee Expert: You can get along with — or at least

not offend — anyone.

eeeee Master: You should have made room on the
mantel for that Nobel Peace Prize.

Possessed by: Diplomats, Hereditary Nobles, Mediators,
Psychiatrists

Specialties: Formality, Correspondence, Negotiation,
Compromising, Soirees

Firearms
This Skill covers both how well you can shoot and your
skill at maintaining and repairing firearms. Artillery pieces,

mortars and so on are not covered by this Skill, nor are ar-
chaic weapons such as bows or slings.

. Novice: You could hit the broad side of a barn
with a shotgun.

ee Practiced: You didn't embarrass yourself at the
tifle range.

coe Competent: You can hit a moving target.

Expert: Sniper could have been a career choice for you.
Master: "Blast! I was aiming for his left nostril."
Possessed by: Snipers, Soldiers, Mafiosi, Hunters, Petty
Criminals, Deranged Postal Employees
Specialties: Sniping, Shoot-outs, Pistols, Rifles, Auto-
matic Weapons

Leadership

Leadership is more than barking orders. It measures how
well you can get others to obey your decisions, whether they
be issued as memos, orders or polite requests. It also covers
how willingly people accede to your wishes, as reluctant fol-
lowers are worth far less than willing ones. Leadership is most
often used in conjunction with Charisma or Manipulation.

° Novice: You decided where your carpool was
going for lunch.

ee Practiced: When you yell, people listen.

eee Competent: People routinely look to you for

their marching orders.

eeee Expert: Others will follow you into the jaws of
death — or worse — without questioning.

e@eeee Master: You had the makings of another
Alexander the Great.

Possessed by: Military Personnel, Gang Leaders, Educa-
tors, Executives, Police Chiefs

Specialties: Field Leadership, Long-Term Planning, Mili-
tary, Nobility, Commands

Meditation

In an existence in which the voice of your Shadow is a
constant threat, Meditation, the ability to focus and center one's {j
thoughts, can be an essential skill. To meditate, one does not
necessarily need to be in the lotus position. This is a very per-
sonal Skill, and one for which you develop your own technique.

Meditation can be used to catch up on lost Slumber. To
do so, a wraith rolls Stamina + Meditation (difficulty 8). The
number of successes determines how many effective hours of
Slumber are gained per hour of meditation.

° Novice: You could block out the sound of your
neighbor's stereo.

oe Practiced: You can achieve a peaceful repose.

° Competent: You can relax in any position.
eeee — Expert: Your concentration is almost impossible
to break

e@eeee Master: You are glacial in your calm, totally
centered and imperturbable.

Possessed by: Zen Masters, Buddhist Monks, Athletes,
New Age Gurus

Specialties: Biofeedback, Relaxing, Zen, Centering

Melee

Melee is the broad term for all sorts of combat that in-
volve hand-to-hand weapons. The definition of a hand-to-hand
weapon is a loose one, as it includes knives, swords, broken
bottles, chains, saps and just about anything else than can be
used to inflict damage on another wraith. With the Melee Skill
comes knowledge of proper care of your chosen weapon as well.

° Novice: You've been in a few fights without
getting Harrowed.

Practiced: You have basic military training.

eee Competent: Any object becomes a weapon in
your hands.
eeee — Expert: Fencing masters in Heidelberg feared you.

e@eeee Master: Orange seeds and paper airplanes were

deadly in your grip. f
Possessed by: Fencers, Muggers, Martial Artists, Policemen, 4
Soldiers
Specialties: Fencing, Heavy Weapons, Blunt Object,
Martial Arts Styles, Found Weapons

Performance

Different from Expression in that it involves more than
just spoken or written words, Performance covers the entire
gamut of live artistic expression. Singing, acting, dancing, play-
ing musical instruments and similar skills are all covered under
this rubric. In addition to actual performing ability, this Skill
also measures how well you know the society surrounding your
particular art form and how you fit in. Advanced levels of Per-
formance usually require some form of specialization.

Chapter Five: Traits 123


aS so:

e Novice: You weren't kicked off stage during
company karaoke night.

oe Practiced: You got parts off-off Broadway.
eee Competent: You could get speaking parts in films.
eeee Expert: Your handprints were on sidewalk in

front of Mann's Chinese Theater.

eeeee Master: You were one of the legendary artists
of your time.

Possessed by: Actors, Musicians, Mimes, Singers, Dancers,
Choreographers

Specialties: Voice, Instrumental, Acting, Dance

Repair

Restoring anything mechanical, electronic or solid state
that is broken is under the Repair Skill. This Skill covers ev-
erything from advanced electronics to shoring up a sagging beam
— assuming, of course, that you have proper tools with which
todo so. Among the Restless, this Skill allows you to find your
way around systems that you Gremlinize, or understand where
the best place might be to whack a device with Outrage.

° Novice: You hit it with a hammer and hoped
that would fix it.
Practiced: You could wire a house, or steal cable TV.
Competent: You didn't need to call mechanics.
Expert: You could have make a tidy living as a
professional handyman.

eeeee Master: Anything not broken down to the
molecular level, you could fix.

Possessed by: Mechanics, Carpenters, Weekend Putterers,
Plumbers, Repairmen, Technicians

Specialties: Wood, Electricity, Appliances, Automotive,
Computers

Stealth

Stealth is the Skill that covers both moving silently and
hiding unnoticed. Usually Stealth rolls are made against an-
other character's Perception.

° Novice: You were a master at "hide and seek."

ee Practiced: You blend in with shadows.
eee Competent: You're not noticed unless you want to be.
eee — Expert: You could move through the woods and

not crunch a dry leaf.

Master: Ninja Master, one who moves like a ghost. . ..
Possessed by: Ninjas, Spies, Saboteurs, Cat Burglars, Reapers
Specialties: Lurking, Camouflage, Shadows, Silent Approaches

Other Skills

Soulforging, Cooking, Boating, Archery, Disguise, Other
Weapons (Heavy, Ancient, Medieval)

124 Wraith: The Oblivion

Knowledees

Knowledges are those Abilities dependent upon rigorous ap-
plication of the mind. There may be a physical element to their use,
but the key component is acquiring, assessing and using informa-
tion. Knowledges can be learned inside or outside of a classroom,
but study at them is necessary, Learning from someone is the best
way to acquire a Knowledge, but there are many self-taught wraiths.

Without a Knowledge in a specific field, you may not even
attempt to make a roll relating to that Knowledge. The only ex-
ceptions are when the roll in question refers to trivial knowledge
that any wraith might know, or when special circumstances arise.

Bureacracy

Bureaucracy, a.k.a. the System, is theoretically an organi-
zation for getting things done more efficiently. With the proper
knowledge of how that System functions and how to utilize it
to achieve your ends, you can get permission to do what you
want and prevent others from getting theirs. Bureaucracy is
also a measure of your organizational skills and knack for get-
ting things done, and of your efficiency at manipulating the
System in both the Underworld and the Skinlands.

e Student: You could file a tax return.

College: You could file a tax return and expecta refund.
Masters: You could stall a debate — or an an-
gry citizen — indefinitely.

eeee Doctorate: You could make whole branches of
the government operate efficiently.
¢* Scholar: The System is your toy, and you could
get whatever you want out of it with a single phone call.

Possessed by: Bureaucrats, Accountants, Personal Assis-
tants, Anacreons

Specialties: Governmental Regulations, Taxes, Requisi-
tions, Accounting

Computer

This is a general measurement of a wraith's aptitude with
computers and all things related to them. It takes into ac-
count the skills necessary both to program new software (or
create new hardware) and the mental dexterity required to
use existing equipment and programs. There's more to this
Knowledge than just hacking into mainframes. In a world
where the operation of basic word processing software is still
a mystery to many adults, even a modicum of knowledge of
how to use a computer can be a very powerful thing.

Wraiths with computer knowledge find the electronic
superhighway an easy way to access the Skinlands. Maneu-
vering through systems, gathering (or deleting) data, print-
ing out messages to the living and manipulating computers
for their own purposes through the higher levels of Inhabit
are ways in which this Knowledge is useful to Restless.


° Student: You didn't hang your disks from the
fridge with a magnet.

ee College: You could use a PC without calling
technical support immediately.
° Masters: You could code your own software.

. Doctorate: Your name is legend on the Internet.

eeeee Scholar: The Net was your playground, and
your dreams were all in C++.

Possessed by: Hackers, Engineers, Programmers, Comp
Sci Professors, Students, Tiny MUDders

Specialties: Hardware, Software, The Web, Netsurfing,
Coding

Enigmas

The Enigmas Knowledge concerns your ability at solv-
ing mysteries and puzzles. In essence, it is a measurement of
your problem-solving skills, how you combine vital details
into a coherent solution. Enigmas comes in handy when
solving mazes, answering riddles and the like.

. Student: You could do jigsaw puzzles.
oe College: You guessed the secret of The Crying
Game.™

Maste
Doctorate: You know what happens if a tree
falls in the forest and no one hears it.

s: You did crossword puzzles — in pen.

e@eeee Scholar: Zeno's Paradox was nice for a warm-up.

Possessed by: Zen Masters, Stage Magicians, Logicians,
Mystics, Gamers

Specialties: Koans, Ancient Riddles, Visual Puzzles,
Wordplay

Investigation

Investigation allows you to call upon basic knowledge
of criminology to locate evidence and perform forensic analy-
sis. At sufficient levels, you can conduct a proper criminal
investigation, deduce modus operandi and reconstruct a crime
scene. Particularly in conjunction with a few Arcanoi, this
Knoweldge can be invaluable to wraiths seeking to protect
or rescue their Fetters.

° Student: You've seen a few Bogart movies.

oe College: You have a police officer's knowledge.

eee Masters: You could have been an insurance
investigator.

ovee Doctorate: A spot in an international espio-
nage agency was yours.

ee Scholar: Elementary, my dear Watson.
Possessed by: Private Eyes, Police Detectives, Insurance
Claims Investigators, Intelligence Agents, Forensic Doctors
Specialties: Quick Searches, Tailing, Detective Work,
Deductive Investigation

SON
AS


Law is the measure of how well you understand the legal
system in which you are entangled. A knowledge of Law will
allow you to manipulate the legal system to your ends, con-
founding your enemies and helping your friends.

° Student: You knew the absolute basics.
ee College: Public defender just out of law school.
coe Masters: You could have been a judge.

cove Doctorate: A multimillion dollar legal practice
was yours for the taking.

e@eeee Scholar: You have the makings of a Supreme
Court justice — or a Deathlord.

Possessed by: Law Students, Judges, Petty Bureaucrats,
Accountants, Attorneys, DAs

Specialties: Criminal, Civil, Tax, Copyright, Litigation

Linguistics
More a record of how many languages you speak than how
well you understand the theory of languages, Linguistics mea-
sures how many languages you are fluent in besides your native
tongue. Linguistics also allows for identifying accents, reading
lips, picking up slang and a certain amount of linguistic mimicry.
° Student: One additional language.
ee College: Two additional languages.

ooo Masters: Three additional languages
coco Doctorate: Four additional languages.
ee

Scholar: Five additional languages.

Possessed by: Interpreters, Grad Students, Foreign Lan-
guage Teachers, Travelers
Specialties: Cursing, Diplomatic Language, Technical,

Romance, Translating, "Dead" Languages

Medicine

This Knowledge details how well you know how the hu-
man body works and how to repair it in case of injury. Of
course, that also implies a knowledge of what is harmful to
the human form as well.

Knowledge to
the Restless Dead, there are multiple uses for it, both benign
and malicious. Understanding of this field, combined with
Deathsight, can help determine what steps need to be taken to

While Medicine might seem to be a use!

protect a living Fetter, while an appreciation of physiology could
combine with Outrage to produce some devastating results.

° Student: You passed a Red Cross first aid test.

ee College: You could have been a paramedic.

eee Masters: You're knowledgeable enough to have
been a G.P.

e@eee = Doctorate: Other doctors came to you for

consultation.

a

SST NANS (es NCR ia

Scholar: Artificial hearts and organ transplants
were child's play.
Possessed by: Doctors, Registered Nurses, Field Medics
Specialties: Pharmacy, Surgery, General Practice, Emer-
gency, Specialized Field (Pediatrics, Neurology, etc.)

Occult

There are many supernatural secrets in the World of Dark-
ness, and with the Occult Knowledge, some of them are yours.
Occult implies a general knowledge of things such as voudoun,
curses and fortune-telling, as well as information more spe-
cific to the supernatural beings that inhabit the world.

° Student: You can pronounce "Tarot" properly.

ee College: You've read Gardner, Cunningham
and Crowley.

coe Masters: You know about more than just ghosts.

eeee Doctorate: The World of Darkness is an open
book to you.

eocee

Scholar: Nostradamus and Albertus Magnus
could crib from your notes.

Possessed by: New Agers, Mystics, Occult Shop Owners,
Mages

Specialties: Qaballah, Hermetic Magic, Spirits, Channeling,
Wraiths

Politics

This Knowledge covers the theory and practice of poli-
tics. With points in this Trait, you can figure out who's on top
on the local system and how they got there. Politics covers
both human and Restless political structures, and can be es-
sential in dealing with both living and dead authorities.

° Student: You were senior class president.

oe College: You've worked the campaign trail.

eee Masters: You've held local office.
Doctorate: A career politician, you were no-
table enough to appear in political cartoons.
Scholar: The fate of nations rested in your hands.

Possessed by: Diplomats, Career Politicians, Advisors,
Spin Doctors, Lobbyists

Specialties: Realpolitik, Coalition Building, Grass-Roots,
National, International

Seience

This Ability measures not only theoretical knowledge but
also how well you can put it to practical use. It puts equal
weight on knowing the difference between a boson and a quark
and being able to whip up a Molotov cocktail from chemicals
used for scrubbing bathrooms. Lower levels of Science indi-
cate a general familiarity with modern science; higher ones
usually involve some sort of field specialization.

While the science of the living doesn't always apply to
the Underworld, knowing how things work in the Skinlands
can help a wraith to manipulate them from across the Shroud.

G Student: You watched PBS regularly.

oe College: You could make explosives from com-
mon household chemicals.

Masters: You could teach a high school honors course.
¢ Doctorate: Your research got grant money with-
out your breaking a sweat.

eeeee

Scholar: Feynman, Einstein, Galileo—and you. §

Possessed by: Scientists, Mad Scientists, Graduate Stu- | [3

dents, Science Popularizers Ate
Specialties: Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Geology, Prac- |
tical Applications, Theory

Additional Knowledges

Psychology, Finance, Art, Philosophy, Theater, History, (
Military Science, Genealogy, Geography, Theology, Specific
area of knowledge/trivia

Backerounds

...and as we pass by some ruined mansion or moonlit abbey
at nightfall, we know that within the crumbling walls there still
lurk dark spirits from the distant past...

— Simon Marsden, The Journal of a Ghosthunter

Backgrounds are Traits that lie beyond the direct physi-
cal and supernatural capabilities of the wraith. They help
define a character's history and context, and you should
choose them to enhance and solidify your wraith's concept. #
Backgrounds can also complement each other, and the suite
of Backgrounds chosen reveals a great deal about a charac-
ter. Characters with a lot of Allies but few Contacts are com-
pletely different from characters with few Allies but loads of ¢

Contacts, though they may know the same number of §/

wraiths. The former has a great many wraiths upon whom
she can rely on ina crunch, but few acquaintances; the lat-
ter knows wraiths who will converse with him, but who won't
back him up in a time of need. Often, a character's Back- ¢
grounds, particularly those like Memoriam or Status, help
define the limits of what a Storyteller character (or newly
met player character) might know about a wraith upon first
meeting her. With this in mind, it is vital to pick Backgrounds
that work well with your wraith's character concept.

Your Storyteller should have input into your choice of
Backgrounds. For example, in a chronicle that begins with
the your character's death (and subsequent rebirth in the
Shadowlands), it might be inappropriate for a character to
possess certain Backgrounds — Mentor or Status, for ex-
ample. Other chronicle concepts, such as a story in which
the wraiths are agents of the Hierarchy, might require that
the characters possess at least two dots in each of these Back-

Chapter five: Traits 127


grounds. Backgrounds are a good way for Storytellers to en-
sure that the characters devised by the players fit smoothly
into the chronicle and work well together.

On certain rolls, a Background can be combined with
an appropriate Attribute. For example, your Storyteller
might call for a Charisma + Allies roll to determine how
many of your Allies rally to your current cause, or a Ma-
nipulation + Status roll to decide if you can bully a Centu-
tion on rank alone.

Allies

Life among the dead is, of necessity, bleak. It would be
bleaker still were it not for the tendency of wraiths to asso-
ciate with one another and seek company and solace from
their Restless colleagues. Creatures of passion, wraiths are
prone to making and breaking strong and intense friend-
ships with others in the Shadowlands. Such unions are rep-
resented by the Allies Background. Allies need not be close
friends (and should not include members of a wraith's
Circle), but may instead represent comrades in arms, like-
minded individuals, fellow mourners or any wraith (or other
inhabitant of the wraith's world) who has reason to feel
kinship with the character.

Allies often aid a wraith when called upon, although
like any friend they become tired of repeated demands on
their time and resources. Allies need to be maintained, and
a wraith who takes but does not give is likely to find his
Allies deserting him. Spending points on buying an Ally
does not ensure the services of an infinitely tolerant, infi-
nitely generous individual. Also, most Allies have needs of
their own, and a wraith may find himself being called upon
to help his friend in her time of need.

The Storyteller and player should cooperate in detailing
the Ally, and many stories can develop from the relationship
between a wraith and his Allies.

None: A character with no Allies is unusual, and you
should decide what it is about your character that drives oth-
ers away.

° A single Ally, probably highly valued for her
uniqueness.

Two Allies; are they jealous of each other?
° Three Allies; one may be special in some way.

eee ~~ Four Allies; do your Allies know of each other's
existence?
eeeee Five Allies; why are you so popular?

Artfact

Commonly fueled by Pathos, Artifacts have certain
functions or powers that aid the wraiths (most often the ser-
vants of the Hierarchy) who carry them. Artifacts are highly
valuable, and greedily hoarded by the authorities. Any wraith

128 Wraith: The Oblivion
i aoe ED sate co
——— SN i

who chooses the Artifact Background must create (in con-
junction with the Storyteller) a story explaining reasonably
where she obtained the Artifact, and why she has been al-
lowed to keep it.

Characters who take this Background can purchase it
more than once with each purchase representing one Arti-
fact of the appropriate level. Conversely, multiple points
spent on Artifacts can instead grant a character a more valu-
able and potent item.

None: Like most wraiths, the character has acquired
no Artifacts. Is he opposed to material goods, unlucky or
merely poor?

° A seemingly insignificant Artifact.

ee A minor Artifact, such as a Moliated torch.

eee An Artifact of some purpose, like a sword of
Stygian steel.

eeee =~ A major and unique Artifact, which the Hier-

archy would dearly love to possess (e.g., a gun that doesn't
need relic bullets).

eeeee The most useful and powerful of objects, the
envy of all other wraiths.

Contacts

Distinct from Allies, Contacts are people (or wraiths)
whom the character has encountered and who are willing to
work with him. They are individuals who are prepared to do
the character a service, or furnish him with information or
aid, but in general they have a price. That price may be as
simple as a promise of a later favor, as complicated as a po-
litical maneuver or as base as a financial debt, but it gener-
ally matches the value of the service rendered fairly.

A wraith's Contacts score represents two things: ma-
jor Contacts and minor ones. Major Contacts are the in-
dividuals, detailed by the Storyteller and/or the player,
with access to the services and information that the player
desires. These can be wraiths in the Shadowlands, Spec-
tres in the Tempest or living people from the character's
time among the Quick, but all will recognize her and be
willing to cut some kind of deal. There are also minor
Contacts, who also specialize in the same general field of
influence as the major Contacts. These individuals can
prove useful to a wraith if a successful roll against her
Contacts rating (difficulty 7) is made, but minor Con-
tacts are generally less well-informed, less helpful and less
friendly than major ones.

None: No useful Contacts. However, perhaps you are a
Contact for some other wraith (not a player character).

° One major Contact and few others. You prob-
ably have a special arrangement with this Contact.

oe Two major Contacts in different areas and a
scattering of associated minor Contacts.

eee Three major Contacts and a fair helping of

minor ones.
eoee Four major Contacts, all in different areas, although

you could double up and cover one particular field completely.
eeeee Five major Contacts and an associated minor

Contact on almost every street corner.

Fidolon

Eidolon is a measure of spiritual fortitude. It is an
indication of special potential in a particular wraith to
resist the temptations, assaults and insults of the Shadow.
While it does not necessarily suggest that a wraith is ob-
jectively good or even moral, it does reveal a wholesome
metaphysical resistance to the manipulation of the
Shadow. Eidolon is tied to a wraith's Psyche, and some
Eidolons are so strong as to manifest occasionally as a sepa-
rate entity, much like the Shadow does. Most, however,
are firmly integrated into a wraith's Psyche. A wraith with
a high Eidolon rating does not ne ily possess special
insight into the workings of her Shadow (although she
may), but instead some special ability to stave off the
Shadow's attempts to drag her to Oblivion.

Each point of Eidolon represents one extra die per ses-
sion that a player can add to any roll which resists some
intent, plan or ploy of her Shadow (including the Shadow's

Thorns). A player may use one, some or all of his Eidolon
die in any roll but not more than his total Eidolon rating
ion. Eidolon can also be used during a Harrowing
to exercise some control over the course of events.

None: Like most of the wretched, you are a canvas on
which your Shadow paints.

° You can sometimes second-guess your Shadow.
oe There are days when you are firmly in control.
eee Spiritually tough; your Shadow must work hard

to influence you.

eeee You see through all your Shadow's ploys.
eeeee Your Shadow must choose its moment carefully

or waste all its efforts.

Haunt

Not by chance do ghost stories refer to the tendency
of spirits to inhabit certain buildings, crossroads or other
locations. Wraiths are often tied to a spot in the
Shadowlands that corresponds to a place of special import
for them in the Skinlands. In these places the Shroud wears
thin and a wraith can establish a Haunt, which serves as
home, sanctuary and refuge. When in her Haunt, a wraith
may more easily employ Arcanoi and more comfortably and
privately confront her Shadow.

Chapter five: Traits

Sometimes Haunts are shared between several wraiths,
but these groups are invariably small as the trust involved in
sharing the privacy of a Haunt is seldom found in the
Shadowlands. Haunts are usually tied to a single physical place,
and the corresponding Skinlands location is inevitably run-
down and decayed. A Haunt, if belonging to a single wraith,
is often connected with a particular Passion or Fetter, and a
Haunt which is itself a Fetter is both rare and potent.

The Shroud is lowered by the Haunt's rating inside the
Haunt itself, and many Haunts also gather Memoriam, which
is available to any wraith who spends time there.

At the Storyteller's discretion, players can combine their
Background points to purchase a shared Haunt. The details
of such a place are left to the Storyteller to determine. Other
wraiths may wish to have both communal and private
Haunts. In this case, the Background must be purchased
twice, once for each type of Haunt.

None: You have no Haunt and probably Slumber on the
run. Are you a nomad by choice or circumstance?

. Asmall domicile, perhaps a closet or phone booth.

oe A Haunt large enough for you to survive in,
but hardly luxurious.

ooo A fair-sized Haunt which can accommodate
you and several guests comfortably.

eeee = Anopulent Haunt, ample accommodation for
up to four wraiths. Alternatively a special Haunt, such as a
mobile or well-defended Haunt.

eeeee A majestic Haunt in good repair, perhaps the
haunted mansion on the hill. No doubt this Haunt is the envy
of many and powerful wraiths not blessed with such a home
themselves.

Legacy

It might be the desire of every living person to be re-
membered, but human memories are the very lifeblood of
wraiths. Some individuals are remembered by few, some by
many (this is covered by the Background Memoriam), but
there are cases where a wraith's works are remembered long
after her name has been forgotten. The Legacy Background
covers this sort of memory, representing a wraith's creations
which have lived on after her death. A Legacy can represent
a variety of different things, from hard objects — buildings,
statues, a thousand planted trees — to less tangible things
such as an art collection, a political theory or a word which
has become common usage.

Once per story, a wraith can try to gain focus and com-
fort from her Legacy. To do so, the wraith must travel to the
site of the Legacy (or some important place associated with it
in the case of intangible Legacies) and roll a number of dice
equal to the level of the Background (difficulty 7). The num-
ber of successes represents the number of levels of damage
that the wraith can heal. Normal damage is regenerated

Wraith: The Oblivion


instantly; aggravated damage takes approximately one hour
of attendance upon the Legacy per Corpus Level healed. This
represents a process of confirmation and affirmation for the
wraith, the physical manifestation of which is healed Corpus.
None: No trace remains that you ever lived.
A painting of yours hangs somewhere on the
wall of an obscure gallery.
ee You funded a building on a college campus.
You re-seeded a devastated forest area through
which people pass every day.

eeee You designed the Eiffel Tower or the Statue of
Liberty.
eeeee An important idea in moder life is attributed to

you. Perhaps you founded a religion or a political movement.

Mentor

The relationship between a character and his Men-
tor is different from that between a character and either
an Ally or a Contact. A Mentor is sometimes a patron,
sometimes a teacher, sometimes a protector, and some-
times all of these things. While a Mentor will not always
respond to requests for help from a wraith, she always acts
in what she believes are the wraith's best interests (though
the wraith might see things differently). A wraith's rela-
tionship with his Mentor is complicated and personal, and
should be the subject of detailed roleplaying. Such a rela-
tionship is not usually an even or casual one, and entails
responsibilities on both sides.

Some Mentors teach Arcanoi to wraiths in their
charge, but always the Mentor chooses what is taught and
what is not. A Mentor may do more than teach Arcanoi;
perhaps serving as an advocate for the character in Stygia,
perhaps teaching new Abilities, or perhaps physically bail-
ing the wraith out of trouble.

None: Perhaps you have a problem with authority, or you
seek a master worthy of your attention.

. A Mentor little older than yourself, but with a
few connections.

oe A Mentor of some importance, but little power.

eee Anoldand wise Mentor, with a modicum of clout.

eeee A politically powerful Mentor who can pull
strings.

eeeee An almost omniscient Mentor, perhaps a Fer-

ryman or a high-ranking Hierarch.

Memoriam

The essence of the dead is hard to define, but Pathos
stems directly from emotion, and the emotion which the liv-
ing feel for the dead is expressed as memory. After all, memory
is the way in which the living interact with the dead. People

have a tendency to remember those who are lost in strange
ways, or to project thoughts and feelings onto those who are
no longer there to represent themselves.

Some wraiths can take comfort from the fact that they
are remembered by many people (though not necessarily
fondly). Others are recalled by few, one or even none. There
is an argument among the dead as to whether it is better for
‘one person to remember you well than for an entire nation to
recall your life with hate, envy or resentment. However, Me-
moriam makes no judgments.

Memoriam allows the wraith to access extra Pathos. By
invoking the feelings that the living have for her, once per

session a wraith can roll her Memoriam rating (difficulty 8), 9)

with each success granting one point of Pathos. If a botch is
rolled, one point of Memoriam is permanently lost, as the
inevitable process of forgetfulness and myth obscures memo-
ries of the wraith.

None: You lived and died alone. Few, if any, even re-
member your name. Alternatively, you lived so long ago that
all memories of you have faded.

* One person remembers you. Maybe that is enough.

ee A handful of people remember you on occasion.

coe Your family and a few others remember you
and some things you did together.

eoce A community, organization or company has
you on its roll of honor — or curses your name.

ooeoe You have legendary status for an entire na-
tion (or more). This level of recognition is far easier to achieve
in a negative light than in a positive.

Notoriety

Fame is an important issue for most of the living occu-
pants of the Western world. Those who are not actively pur-
suing or attempting to preserve it are constantly bombarded
with images of those who are. Among the dead, mortal fame

has little impact, though there are those who die with sucha @

reputation that the Restless await them.

However, it is also possible to cultivate a reputation,
good or bad, beyond the grave. Renegades and other dissi-
dents soon earn themselves reputations, and not ones to
be envied. Notoriety is a measure of how well a wraith is
known, how much he is talked about and what expecta-
tions other wraiths have of him. A wraith with a high rat-
ing in Notoriety may find that it can be a curse — other
wraiths talk about him a great deal, project hopes and griev-
ances onto him and demand favors and attention simply
by virtue of his role as a public figure. Fame in life does not
guarantee Notoriety after death, nor does a quiet and low-
profile life preclude a rise to prominence in the
Shadowlands.

Chapter Five: Traits 131
j a eee yee _


None: Like most of the Restless, you are a face in the
crowd. Do you deliberately keep a low profile?

e You have made some impressions.

oe Perhaps your Haunt is visited regularly.

ooo Your name has traveled farther than you have.
eeee ~~ Every wraith in the Shadowlands recognizes

your name (but not necessarily your face).
eeeee For whatever reason, you cannot escape being

recognized everywhere you go.

Relic

Relics are things that once existed in the Skinlands,
and which have persisted in the Shadowlands after their
destruction. The reasons for this psychic durability vary, but
all invoked enough strong emotion while they existed to
cross the Shroud on the strength of that memory. Some rel-
ics were important things in themselves, such as national
treasures or badges of office. Others were articles that were
acutely important to one person and acquired enough emo-
tional weight from that individual to persist in the
Shadowlands — wedding bands, stuffed animals and the like.
A relic need not have belonged to the wraith in life or even
to have had some great significance to her; property can be
acquired by the Restless as well.

Characters who take this Background can purchase it
more than once with each purchase representing one relic of
the appropriate level.

None: You have nothing. Are you a recent escapee from
Thralldom, or just not attached to material things?

° A seemingly insignificant relic, like the keys
to a treasured car.
oe A minor relic, perhaps a small work of art.

ooo A relic with some usefulness, a telescope or knife.

© — A major relic with moving parts, often powered
by Pathos.

A huge or invaluable relic, a sophisticated de-
vice or famous object.

Status

Status is a more concrete recognition of power than No-
toriety. It does not, however, measure actual worth or achieve-
ment. Many in the bureaucracies of the Underworld, just as
in the Skinlands, have done little if anything to deserve the
authority they have. Status can also be used to gain favors
from authorities, of whatever kind.

Status does not necessarily relate to the Hierarchy, al-
though most Hierarchy members possess at least some Sta-
tus. It can also represent a ranking in the Renegades, the

Heretics or one of the many Guilds. It is possible, though
uncommon, for a wraith to possess Status in several groups.
In this case the Background must be purchased multiple
times. With Status comes duty and responsibility, and wraiths
with high Status find themselves responsible for decisions
which affect the existence of many lesser Restless.

None: No organization recognizes you.

° An initiate of a some kind. You are most likely
responsible for unpleasant duties, but are at least recognized
as part of the group.

ee After demonstrating your devotion to the group,
you have been chosen for a position of some responsibility.

eee You are in the murky middle ranks. Not low
enough to be pushed around or high enough to do the push-
ing, this is a dangerous place to be, but has many rewards.

eeee = This level of Status represents the level of man-
agement and privilege. You can access the resources of the
group and are trusted by its leaders

eocce Player characters are unlikely to ever rise
higher than this. Having gained significant power and respect,
you are a leader.

Corpus

What he touched was, according to his account, a mouth,
with teeth, and with hair about it, and, he declares, not the mouth
of a human being.

— MR. James, "Casting the Runes"

A wraith's Corpus is her body, her physical manifesta-
tion in the Underworld. In addition, the term also refers
to the relative health of that form. The more levels of Cor-
pus a wraith has, the more solidly her ectoplasmic body
holds together and the "healthier" she is. Wraiths who lose
all of their Corpus tumble into a Harrowing, or sometimes
Oblivion. Still, as Corpus is so easily regained, wraiths can
absorb a tremendous amount of punishment.

The appearance of a wraith's Corpus is determined
largely by his subconscious image of himself. While most
wraiths look as they did in life, some look better, some look
worse, and some find themselves in Corpora that are ut-
terly inhuman-looking. However, just because a wraith's
Corpus has wings does not necessarily mean that he can
fly; most modifications of this sort are strictly cosmetic,
not functional. Furthermore, a wraith's clothes are also part
of his Corpus — he awakens as a wraith wearing whatever
he would subconsciously deem appropriate. Many wraiths
will find their wardrobe changing to suit the situation with-
out conscious effort or thought on their part, reflecting how
thoroughly a wraith's form is drawn from his subconscious
image of himself.

xe 5 eee, Sein D1) cece:
Ey es me Se ew \.<
as Bey: See es fie z KAO — £90.) fi
—_ eee RT NN HI PTTTCEEHI ET EST 2 SEES ee ON

Permanent Corpus

Permanent Corpus is the measurement of the maxi-
mum number of Corpus Levels a wraith can possess. All
wraiths begin with a permanent Corpus rating of 10, but
this can go down if the wraith fails or botches Harrowings.
This creates a vicious cycle: a wraith loses permanent Cor-
pus, limiting his maximum temporary Corpus. This means
that he loses all of his temporary Corpus more easily, pull-
ing him into another Harrowing in which he can lose more
permanent Corpus, and so on....

There is no known way to increase permanent Cor-
pus, though some rumors have crept out as to the abili-
ties of the Usurers and Masquers in this regard. As cer-
tain Malfeans and other dwellers in the Tempest demon-
strably have Corpus ratings in excess of 10, there would
seem to be some secret to regaining — or even increasing
— permanent Corpus.

Temporary Corpus

The Corpus track on the Wraith character sheet allows
you to track how healthy your character is. The squares rep-
resent permanent Corpus; the circles represent temporary.
Temporary Corpus can never exceed permanent.

There are two basic ways to lose temporary Corpus:
Interaction with the Skinlands and violence in the Un-
derworld. Every time a wraith interacts violently with an
object or structure in the Skinlands (a bullet, a rock, a
wall, etc.), he checks off one circle on his character sheet,

indicating that one level of Corpus damage has been
taken. A wraith only takes one Corpus Level of damage
no matter how severe the Skinlands impact; a wraith takes
as much damage from a baseball as from a grenade's deto-
nation. Immediately upon that impact, the wraith be-
comes Incorporeal and cannot be harmed by Skinlands
objects for a number of turns equal to his Stamina. This
explains how wraiths can walk through walls, parked cars
and whatnot.

Violence in the Underworld is a different matter; the
number of successes a wraith's opponent achieves on his dam-
age roll is the number of Corpus Levels the wraith must check
off (subject to modification via a soak roll). This sort of dam-
age does not cause a wraith to become Incorporeal, and
wraiths are always solid to one another and all objects that
exist in the Shadowlands.

Wraiths can normally heal Corpus either by Slum-
bering or by spending Pathos. As each level of damage is
healed, the check in that circle is erased. For more infor-
mation on losing and regaining Corpus, see "Injury,"
page 231.

Trick-or-Treat old style. But tricks from the dead
— Ray Bradbury, The Halloween Tree

eath opens the door to things unknow-
able by the living. A wraith is Fettered
and limited, but also holds great poten-
tial to change herself or her surroundings.
Those who know, who can unravel the
secrets of death, find themselves capable

of strange powers called Arcanoi.

Alternate Arts

While the Arcanoi do not have art rat-
ings above five, they do have many varia-
tions on each of the lesser art levels. These
so-called "Ancient Arts" and "New Arts"
can be learned instead of the basic arts listed
here for the same point cost. A wraith with
the Inhabit Arcanos could choose to learn
the level one Ancient Art Lightning's Bite
(see Guildbook: Artificers) instead of the
regular level one art Surge

A wraith who chooses to learn an al-
ternate art instead of the "normal" one for
a given Arcanos simply makes a notation
on her character sheet as to which alter-
nate art she has studied. If she later wishes
to go back and learn a different art with

perience, the cost is as follows:
Arcanos Level Point Cost
One
Two
Thre
Four
Five

A wraith can only pick up alternate arts
of a level less than or equal to her highest
current level of training. Alternate arts in
an Arcanos cannot be purchased unless the
wraith already has at least one lev

pertise in the Arcanos in question


Arcanoi are secrets that can be either learned at the foot
of another or acquired through experience. They are ways of
using a wraith's spiritual being to alter other aspects of the
Underworld, or in some cases the Skinlands. In many ways, an
Arcanos is as much a philosophy as a craft, made of equal parts
viewpoint and skill. Most wraiths demonstrate aptitude for one
or two Arcanoi immediately upon their rebirth, and quickly
learn the first few powers, or arts, of those Arcanoi. In game
terms, the higher the art level (represented by the number of *
characters before its listing), the higher its cost is likely to be,
the more diff

qhe Variegated Heritage

Like all skills, Arcanoi are constantly evolving. Wraiths
often put their own interpretations on their arts, customizing

ult it is to learn, and the more powerful it is.

their Arcanoi with nothing more than their outlook. Active
experimentation can be dangerous, but highly rewarding. Sto-
rytellers are free to allow players to invent new arts for any
Arcanos. If the proposed art is appropriate and of a similar
power level to the current arts listed, she may allow her play-
ers to bring it into play. There are also older, more obscure
arts that the Storyteller may devise and allow the players to
learn. Examples of these Ancient Arts can be found in the
Guildbook series of supplements.

Submerging oneself in the practice of an Arcanos
mark a wraith with a trace of that power. These marks make
well-versed in a specific

her recognizable as one who is ar-
cane skill, and cannot be removed by cosmetic alteration. The

details vary from Arcanos to Arcanos.

Arcanos Markings

Excessive use of an Arcanos will mark a wraith perma-
nently, whether or not she is a member of the Guild associated
with that particular Arcanos. A wraith diving into the Tem-

pest with Argos on a regular basis will acquire jet-black eyes,
even if she has never met an "official" Harbinger. It is the
Arcanos itself (or the environment associated with its use) that

creates the markings, not any sort of Guild affiliation.

However, there are many wraiths who have learned more
than one Arcanos to such an extent that they start developing
more than one set of distinctive marks. This is no longer uncom-
ns are encouraged to learn

mon in a Stygia where average cit
multiple Arcanoi. Usually, the multitalented wraith will mani-
fest the distinctive patterns of all of the Arcanoi she uses, unless

there is some conflict between the developing marks (i.
and Intimation modify the appe:
ally exclusive ways). In this
that is used more frequently will predominate, though some evi-
dence of the less commonly used arts will manifest as well. For
example, a Harbinger with some knowledge of Intimation (which

rgos
ance of the user's eyes in mutu-

se, the markings of the Arcanos

stains its user's left eye bright green) will have the traditional set
of jet-black eyes, but with a distinctly green sheen to his left one.

134 Wraith: The Oblivion

Wherefores

In practical terms, using an Arcanos means pairing its
dice with those of an attribute (Perception + Outrage, for
example). A wraith's most primal strengths and weaknesses
are inextricably linked with the secret arts she knows. She
must also usually spend Pathos to activate an Arcanos (see
"Pathos," page 101). Any cost, whether it be spending
Pathos, Corpus or Willpower or gaining temporary Angst,
must be paid whether the attempt succeeds or fi

Environment also affects an Arcanos' use. The living
can deny death's power, making Arcanoi more difficult to
activate. This barrier is the Shroud, the wall between the
lands of the living and the dead. For many Arcanoi, the
Shroud rating. In-

difficulty of most rolls equals the locz
deed, unless specifically stated otherwise, the difficulty for
an Arcanos is the local Shroud rating. The Shroud is usu-
ally rated at 9, but weakens in some places or at some times.
For example, the Shroud lessens in cemeteries, on Hallow-
een or on other occasions popularly linked with the dead.
The Shroud is also less powerful in a wraith's Haunt. What-
ever the circumstance, though, the Shroud rating never
falls below 4. (Storytellers' rules for the Shroud are found
on page 240.)

Botching

With every secret comes danger, and the
tcanoi are no exception. Those who lack
mastery of their arts run terrible risks. Ifa char-
acter botches an Arcanos roll, the Storyteller
should devise some form of effect. Forexample,
a wraith who botches a Moliate roll may be
stuck in her current form, unable to shift fur-
ther for the duration of a scene. A botched
Argos roll may cast the unfortunate wraith into
the Tempest, and a botched Castigate attempt
is dire news indeed. A description of possible
outcomes for botched rolls is included with
each Arcanos. These should not be taken as
holy writ; rather, the Storyteller should select
an effect, mild or severe, in keeping with her
chronicle. (After all, sometimes failure itself
is punishment enough.) These suggestions are
here only as possible ways to flavor your game
and represent the risks inherent in the ancient

secrets of the dead. Be creative


Strength of the Chains

Fetters can also alter an Arcanos' difficulty. It is often
easier to affect the living world with the strength of a previous
attachment fueling a wraith's Passion. To change the difficulty
of an Arcanos roll, the Fetter must play some vital role in the
art (usually that of the intended object). One way to reflect
this is by rolling the Fetter's rating against a difficulty of 6;
each success reduces the art's difficulty by - 1 for the remain-
der of the scene. More simply, the Storyteller may reduce the
difficulty by - 1 or - 2 depending on how well the Fetter is
integrated into the art's crafting. The difficulty of an Arcanos
roll can never be lowered below 4.

Attunement

Attunement is a process of gradually practicing an
Arcanos on a certain subject, investing Willpower so that
the Arcanos becomes easier when dealing with that person
or object. This process is mainly used with Embody, Pup-
petry and Inhabit, although the Storyteller is free to allow
her players to attune other Arcanoi (such as Usury or Pan-
demonium). People that a wraith has attuned to are usually
called Consorts.

Each time the wraith successfully manifests to, Skinrides
or hides in the object, she may spend one Willpower point,
carefully identifying with it. The closer the wraith was in life
to the object, the easier attunement is. Attuning to a stranger
costs five Willpower; attuning to a close friend or lover may
require only two or three. The results vary by Arcanos; for
instance, certain Puppetry arts can only be used on Consorts.
If no attunement results are given under the Arcanos, the
Storyteller should pick whatever effect seems most reason-
able — if she decides to allow it to be attuned at all.

qhe Others

The following are not the only Arcanoi that were taught
by the long-banished Guilds. Three were banned from Stygia,
their practitioners driven out into the storm. The Alchemists,
masters of Flux, found themselves the targets of persecution
for their Arcanos' effects, which could strengthen, rot or ani-
mate objects in the Skinlands. The sinister arts of desire that
make up the Intimation Arcanos are both sought after and
feared, but teachers of them are few and far between. As for
Mnemosynis' arts of recalling and reweaving memory, they
were banned entirely. For more information on these three
Guilds and their Arcanoi, see the Wraith Players' Guide.

Chapter Five: Traits


Argos

Harbingers

ear that? That howling behind the shadows in
Mi) the alley and under the concrete skin of the
city lots... Hear it? Take my hand, and hold
tight. That's where I'm taking you...
{ Argos is an Arcanos of travel, specifically
B) of travel through the Tempest. It enables
wraiths to "swim" through the Tempest's
substance, find secret pathways from place to place and jour-
ney reasonably safely between the realms of the Underworld.
Masters of Argos can go virtually anywhere in the Tem-
pest and arrive without being molested by Spectres.
Without Argos, though, travel in the Tempest is
very hazardous. Wraiths with no Argos knowledge drift
about in the storm, and can only change direction
by spending a Pathos point. Spectres, especially
Shades, are often drawn to such easy prey. Also,
it is almost impossible to find a Byway with-
out some Argos knowledge. (For more in-
formation on the Tempest, see page 36.)
A character with Argos can usu-
ally "carry" a small group of compan-
ions with her, so long as they don't te
sist. As long as all link hands, the one can
guide the rest. However, passengers can.in-
crease the difficulty of Argos actions.

qhe Guild

The Harbingers' Guild came togethet asa col-
lection of messengers, heralds and explorers. They
never submitted to the same levels of dreary bureau-
cracy as the more formal Guilds did. They occupied a
niche on the periphery of Stygian government, working
for the Hierarchy without actually becoming a true part of
it. Their sense of honor led them to serve as a sort of "Coast
Guard" for the Tempest, rescuing the lost and besieged. This
honor also lent itself to Stygian loyalty, and the Harbingers
joined the Great Revolt reluctantly. When the Masquers and
Usurers backed out, the Harbingers followed soon after.

Following the breaking of the Guilds, it was simply busi-
ness as usual for most Harbingers, albeit on an individual rather
than a Guild-centered basis. It is worth noting that the Har-
bingers still command respect, and wraiths consider it bad luck
to interfere with a Harbinger's duty. Perhaps to earn this re-
spect, Harbingers will always stop to rescue souls they see lost
in the Tempest. Of course, Spectres know this as well and take
full advantage when laying traps for unwary Harbingers.

136 Wraith: The Oblivion

Harbingers are exceptionally calm, swift, quiet and col-
lected. The time they spend in the Tempest gradually but in-
vatiably stains their eyes jet-black.

Botches

Ifawmaith botches an Argos roll, she may become stranded in
the Tempest fora time. She may also hallucinate, seeing things in
the Tempest' fabric that are not really there or overlooking the
otherwise visible. Generally speaking, an Argos botch will
lead the hapless wayfarer into some sort of danger — Spec-
tres, the Labyrinth or whatever the Storyteller can devise.

Basic Abilities
Orienteering: Distance and time have little
meaning in the alien storm of the Tempest.
Orienteering allows a wraith to determine his
location in the Tempest and find the route to
his destination. Those with Orienteering can
travel to their destinations via the quickest
and easiest path (usually a Byway), dodg-
ing most obstacles along the way.
Only the foolish attemptto navigate the Tem-
pest with Orienteering alone, but it is an excel-
lent way to find a safe path out in dire emergencies.
Wraiths moving through the Shadowlands with-
out resorting to Tempest shortcuts move at normal walk-
ing or driving speed; the standard travel times referred to
above are for this sort of normal ground transportation.
System: The number of successes on a Perception +
Argos roll (difficulty 8) indicates the length of travel time
to the wraith's destination. Clever wraiths can sometimes use
the fluctuating dimensions of the Tempest to their own benefit.
1-3 successes Standard travel time
Half standard travel time
One-quarter standard travel time

4 successes

5 successes

Note: Travel time depends upon how far a wraith is travel-
ling and whether she is moving between the levels of the Under-
world. It usually takes two to seven days to travel between the
Shadowlands and Stygia; two weeks to reach the Far Shores. Mov-
ing through the Tempest from point to point in the Shadowlands
rarely takes more than a day, but there are no guarantees.

If the wraith fails an Orienteering roll, she has gone in
the wrong direction and may become lost. This (as well as
the perils that a botch brings on) could even turn into an
adventure, at the Storyteller's discretion.

Tempestpeek: This art allows a wraith to look into the
Tempest, observing any beings or things drifting nearby. He
can be seen by any beings in the near Tempest, and can even
communicate with them if need be.

System: With a successful Perception + Argos roll (diffi-
culty 6), the wraith may observe the immediate area of the
Tempest. The number of successes indicates how clear a "win-
dow" the wraith peers through.

Tempest Threshold: Most wraiths can only enter the
Tempest through Nihils. Those with Argos can open their
own portals, however. The portals are usually small, and iris
closed immediately after the wraith passes through.

System: Opening a threshold requires a Strength + Argos
roll (difficulty 7).

* Fnshroud

To avoid the hazards of the Tempest, those with Argos learn
first how to hide themselves from unfriendly eyes. This art al-
lows the wraith to pull shadows around herself, making
herself unseen in both Tempest and Shadowlands.
When first activated, Enshroud causes the wraith f /
to suddenly vanish. She is thereafter cloaked in
shadows. he

System: After spending a point of Pathos,
hy

the playerrolls Dexterity + Argos (difficulty 7). Each
success allows the wraith to remain Enshrouded
for a turn. Enshrouded wraiths can act on others,
even violently, without being revealed.

Phantom Wings

A wraith using this art may fly in both the
Tempest and the Shadowlands. Flight is not terri-
bly fast (resembling gliding more than anything
else), but can be a convenient way of getting /f
around. Wraiths may hover using this art, but A
can never accelerate to more than jogging speed.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Argos /;
(difficulty 6). Each success grants one turn of
flight. The Storyteller may call for Dexterity
+ Argos rolls to maneuver through or stay
aloft in particularly sticky situations (say, above
a Nihil or in a cramped Stygian tower). A charac-
ter must be Incorporeal to fly while in the
Shadowlands (see "Corpus States," page 232).

«Flicker

A character with Flicker can harness the
natural distortions of the Tempest to quickly {y_/
travel from one place to another. These mini-
jumps are only good for short distances, gen-
erally line-of-sight. Flicker is also a good
way to blindside opponents in combat.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Argos (difficulty 6).
Each success reduces travel time by one turn. For example, if
Henri was trying to climb a fire escape, and the Storyteller de-
cided it would take four turns to get to the top, two successes
with Flicker would mean he could make the climb in only two. {j

If the desired destination is out of sight, but still within a city {
block, Flicker is still possible. The difficulty of the roll is 8, however,
and any failure maroons the character in the Tempest. Similarly,
any Flicker botches usually strand the character in the Tempest, and 4, |
this art will not permit the wraith to emerge. Flicker supersedes Tem- |
pest Threshold, and can be used without the lesser ability.

Each "leap" costs 1 Pathos.

ae Jump
The wraith with this art may rapidly travel to any of her Fet- |
ters, riding secret pathways to the familiar destination. She may
Jump any distance to a Fetter, but only to a Fetter. Rumor has it
that the eldest Gaunts can instantly travel anywhere in the world {
without the aid of Fetters, but this as yet is only hearsay.
System: The player rolls Stamina + Argos (difficulty
8). Each level of the destination Fetter reduces the diffi- ¥
culty by — 1. The more successes, the more the travel}
time is reduced, and five or more should allow practi- 4
cally instantaneous transit. As with Flicker, Tempest
Threshold is not necessary for use of this art.
Jump costs 3 Pathos per use.

wm Oubliette

This art is the terrifying ability to cast other}
wraiths directly into the Tempest. By focusing
his will, the wraith may either hurl others into @\5?"Y
the Tempest, or hold them in one spot, pre- §/}
venting them from escaping into the Tempest @/
or Shadowlands. :

System: The player makes a Strength + 0
Argos roll (difficulty of the target's Will- 9
. power.) The target may choose to make an
\, opposed Willpower roll.

Wraiths cast into the Tempest are free

\_ to use any Argos arts they possess, but they
are in serious trouble if ignorant of such se- 0

\ crets. The sheer force of the banishment ©

, tears a Corpus Level from the target, in

addition to the other effects.

? If the wraith is trying to hold his tar-
get in place (in either the Tempest or the §
Shadowlands), the target is imprisoned for
one turn per success. The imprisoning
(wraith must maintain some minimal con-

\ centration to keep his victim in place.
Either use of this art costs 3 Pa-
thos and grants the user 1 point of

temporary Angst.

‘|

Chapter Five: Traits 137

ou're never alone. Never. Not while the
Shadow squats on your back. I can help you.
T can hurt it. For a price, yes, but L take far
less than it would.

If not for Castigate, the Shadow's power
would be unchecked. Those who master
this Arcanos learn what drives and feeds
the Shadow, as a prelude to learning what weakens its grip.

Castigate is a highly personalized Arcanos. A Par-
doner may use physical force, psychology, meditation,
sermons, ritual purification, drumming, taunts, sen-
sory deprivation or any of a thousand other meth-
ods to fight the Shadow. The exact details depend.
on the Pardoner's tastes and beliefs. Most favor a
kind of dialogue based on the targét Shadow's
Nature, a process called the Devil's Dialectic.

Storytellers should keep their players
from abusing Castigate. This Arcanos grants
some minimal control over Shadows as well
as great insight, and can thus' be misused.
Keep in mind that dealing with a wraith's dark
side is a dangerous business — those who
dabble in Castigate often meet dire fates.

qhe Guild

The Pardoners' Guild was almost a Heretic cult;
indeed, the Pardoners themselves looked on theit work
with a pseudo-religious zeal. In the Guilds' heyday, the
iron lanterns marking a Pardoner''s available services were
everywhere. The Pardoners joined the Guilds' rebellion mostly
tocorrect the Stygian mistreatment of Hereties and other pris-
ners, and were not severely punished when Charon crushed
the revolt. Even today, no Hierarchy soldier arrests a Pardoner for
hanging out her iron lantern. The Pardoners are indispensable —
without them, Oblivion would have swallowed Stygia long ago.

The older Pardoners tend to describe Castigate in almost re-
ligious or spiritual terms; newer wraiths prefer a more psychologi-
cal approach to the Shadow. Pardoners are recognizable by their
inky fingers, stained from the contact with wraiths' dark sides.

Botches

Botching a Castigate roll can be quite dangerous, A Shadow
may gain temporary Angst from the muddled defiance, or exert
more strength when it next rides its subject. The severity is left
to the Storyteller's discretion; however, the Shadow will almost
always be angered by a Pardoner's clumsy interference.

138 Wraith: The Oblivion

mine

| Castiat

Pardoners

ai

Basic Abilities

Bulwark: The wraith can briefly guard herself and her
companions from a Maelstrom. Her Castigate acts as a shield
wall, deflecting the Maelstrom's storm winds and protecting
her from the attention of any passing Spectres.
System: The player rolls Stamina + Castigate (difficulty
of the Maelstrom's rating + 3). The character must spend 1
Pathos for each level of the Maelstrom, but may extend
the Bulwark over herself and anyone she touches.
Soulsight: Those with Castigate can exam-
ine another wraith and see the Shadow on her
soul. With careful study, the wraith may mea-
sure a Shadow's rough power level, and how
close it lies to the surface. The user cannot
examine her own Shadow. Soulsight can
also. detect Spectres (such as
Doppelgangers) by gauging the terrible
strength of their Shadows.
System: The wraith rolls Perception
+ Castigate (difficulty 8). The number of
successes determines how much insight she
gains. The Storyteller will describe the
Shadow's strength as weak, nominal, fairly
strong, strong or eminent (depending on the
character's current Angst score), and may give
more details if the player rolled well.

* Coax

This art grants some power over the user's Shadow.
A wraith using Coax may call on her Shadow's power with
greatly lessened risk.

System: A Shadowguide may offer a player a fixed number
of Shadow Dice (see page 175) to assist in any task. A wraith
ei be to modify this number either way The player rolls
Charisma + Castigate (difficulty 6); every two successes allows
the player to add or subtract one die from the offered amount.

The character pays no Pathos, but gains 1 Angst for each
use of Coax.

« Dark Secrets

This devious art allows the user to learn another wraith's
dark secrets by studying her Shadow. Of course, the Shadow may
feed the Pardoner false information — spreading lies can be in
the Shadow's interest. Generally, the weaker the Shadow, the
more honesty the Pardoner can force or manipulate out of it.

System: The wraith carefully examines the target's
Shadow, and rolls Perception + Castigate (difficulty of the
target's Willpower). Each success allows the Pardoner to ask
one question of the target's player (Storyteller when appro-
priate). The target's player must answer fairly truthfully, but
may indulge in cryptic responses or half-truths (a Shadow's
favorite tricks). The target character may let his Shadow
make an opposed Angst roll; nobody likes having his
darkest secrets ferreted out.

This art costs 1 Pathos to use, and gives
the user 1 Angst.

Purily

By focusing her will, the
wraith may directly attack
the power of another g
wraith's Shadow. The ac- {

tual methods vary from Par-
doner to Pardoner, and can
entail sermons, song, eso- |
teric chants or even flag-
ellation. This is an ex-
tended, careful process,

and cannot be rushed

without grave risk.
System: The Story-
teller rolls the character's
Charisma + Castigate in se-
cret. The difficulty is the
subject's permanent Angst r

score; the subject may also
assist the roll by spending
Willpower. Each success
reduces the subject's tem-

porary Angst by one, but
also causes one Corpus
Level of damage to the
subject. The Castigator
receives a
Angst point for each
"one" on the Purify roll.

»» Housecleaning

By cloaking him-
self in his purity, the
wraith may drive
away Spectres and
keep them
from

temporary

oe ow

entering his immediate area. This art can shield an en-
tire structure from Spectres (within reason — only the
greatest Pardoners could guard an entire s raper). Any
Spectres in the area, hidden or no, are driven away. Pe-
culiarly, this art cannot keep Doppelgangers at bay.

System: Each success on a Charisma + Castigate roll
(difficulty 7) will keep the ward up for one turn. Any

Spectres already present must be defeated in a
resisted roll (the player's Housecleaning roll
against the Spectre's Angst) before being
banished. A banished Spectre stays
banished for the duration of the art,

even if other Spectres in the vi-
cinity are not affected.

vow Defiance

Those who know this
art can fight against their
Shadows' bids for control. If
the Shadow tries to take
over a wraith with Defiance,
the Pardoner may try to beat
her dark side back into
place. This art can be used
to help other wraiths in
| their struggles as well at an

additional cost of 1 Angst.

System: To resist her
Shadow's attempts to gain
control, the character rolls
Charisma + Castigate (dif-
ficulty of her current
Angst). Each success re-
duces her Angst by 1; the
d Shadow is powerless to
Defiance

prevent th

5 | can be used against an-
| other wraith's Shadow,
| but the difficulty be-

ia comes the subject's cur-
ar rent Angst + 3.

Using Defiance
costs 1 Pathos, plus an-
other Pathos for every
success. Failing this roll
adds 1 point to the
character's tempo-
rary Angst; a
botch will add
1 permanent

Angst.


pen yourself to the warmth. Forget the
S| Shadowlands, forget your Corpus, forget even
me. Just concentrate on the warmth — it
should bake you like sunlight used to, Remem-
ber? Remember sunny days in the park and
loose cotton clothes? That's it...

Embody is the art of physically mani-
festing in the mortal world. Like many Arcanoi, it defies Charon's
Code by its very existence; only the Deathlords have au-
thority to reach across the Shroud with impunity. Still,
the lure of the flesh is strong. The change in a wraith's
very senses when she manifests is powerful, and heady
enough to tempt the most stoic Centurion,

The best way to learn Embody is to open one's
senses, focusing on the most intense sensory in-
put available. Loud music, the heat froma ta-
diator, the shimmering reflection in a lake
— all can be the anchor with which a
wraith can pull herself across the Shroud.

If a wraith Embodies physically; he
opens himself up to mortal injury. Immate-
rial wraiths lose only one Corpus Level from
a blow or gunshot, but those physically mate-
rialized take as many Corpus Levels of damage
as they would have lost in Health Levelsin life. If
"slain," an Embodied wraith is thrust into a Tar-
geted Harrowing as the Quarry.

Attuning oneself to a Consort is particularly use-
ful with Embody (see "Attunement," page 135). Once
attuned, all difficulties for Embodying to that person
(and that person alone) are reduced by - 3. It also costs
no Pathos to manifest to the subject. However, only the
Consort can see or hear the wraith. This is a double-edged
sword. Other mortals might consider the Consort crazy. Con-
versely, the subject may convince others of the wraith's exist-
ence, making it easier for the wraith to attune herself to them.

Unless otherwise noted, the difficulty ofany Embody roll equals
the local Shroud rating. Embody is virtually useless in the Tempest.

the Gul

For obvious reasons, the Proctors' Guild had extremely tenu-
ous relations with Stygian authorities for centuries. Although they
did find Stygian employment, Charon's Code prohibited Proctors
from practicing their arts on their own. Most chafed at the restric-
tions, interacting with mortals whenever they could anyway.
Among the revolt's most enthusiastic supporters, the Proctors

Wraith: The Oblivion

received a lion's share of the blame when it failed. For centuries,
Legionnaires were encouraged to hunt down Proctors and force
them into Thralldom — or worse. Since Charon's disappear-
ance, this has eased somewhat, but demonstrating a talent for
Embody in Hierarchy territory is still a poor tactical decision.

A Proetor's voyages through the Shroud gradually mark
her body. with peculiar patches of light and dark. Experi-
enced Proctors often wear patterns on their skin akin to
light dappling through trees.

Botches

Strange things happen to those who misuse Em-
body.-A character may lose her voice in the
Shadowlands by botching Whisper, or fall into
the Tempest while attempting other arts. Proc-
tors also run the risk of gaining Angst; when
the sensation of the material world is offered
and then snatched violently away, the de-
spair is often overwhelming.

Basic Abilities

Ghostly Touch: The wraith can exert a tiny
whisper of a touch to the material world, weaker
even than Ping (Outrage *, see page 152). The
character may not even move anything larger than
dust — about the most she can do is gently write on a
fogged window, and this takes all her concentration.

System: The player rolls Strength + Embody against
the local Shroud.

Maintain the Material Form: This is not so much an
ability in itself as the capacity to maintain an Embodied form
for a longer duration.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Embody (difficulty
7). Each success adds to the number of successes already gained
for the Embody power being used.

This ability costs 2 Pathos. A failure immediately dis-
perses the Embodied form.

+ Whispers

The wraith may whisper across the Shroud, letting her
voice be heard faintly in the Skinlands. This art is not neces-
sary to speak with supernatural beings who can ignore the
Shroud, such as sluagh changelings.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Embody. Each
success allows the wraith to relay one short sentence.

Phantom

The wraith may manifest as a hazy, translucent figure,
only vaguely reminiscent of his mortal body. Mortals notic-
ing this intangible form will react with intense fear, and are
fully affected by the Fog (see page 241).

System: The player rolls Charisma + Embody. The
wraith manifests for one turn per success. If the character
wishes, she may also attempt to frighten onlookers by roll-
ing Manipulation + Embody against the target's Willpower.
Horrific Moliation or other creative use of Arcanoi can
modify this roll.

Phantom costs 1 Pathos.

Statue

This art permits the wraith to take a solid, if immobile,
form. The Embodied wraith seems to be an idealized version of
himself, but with cold, hard flesh. While using Statue, the
wraith cannot move, speak or even breathe. Still, this art can
be useful when avoiding Spectre or wraith pursuers. In a
crowded subway, for example, hunters may overlook the
"sleeping mortal vagrant" in their haste to find their
wraithly prey.

System: Each success on a Stamina + Em-
body roll indicates how many times the charac-
ter can be touched, or how many scenes he may
remain solid (whichever comes first). The player
may be harmed as if he were mortal (see above).

This art costs 2 Pathos.

wm life-in Death

This art allows the wraith to mani-
fest as her mortal body, more or
less. Her appearance reflects
her mildly spotty
memory of her liv-
ing self; most
wraiths tend to
idealize their ap-
pearance, be-
coming more
beautiful when Em-
bodied than they were
when alive. This form has
darker hair and paler skin *
than before, but otherwise
generally won't appear odd.
The wraith using Life-in- «¢
Death has flesh colder than it *
should be, and will seem con-
stantly distracted (a side effect of the
concentration necessary to maintain this

form). Although most onlookers won't notice anything wrong
with a wraith using this art, those close to her in life may pick
up on the differences.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Embody; each
success allows the wraith to remain solid for one scene. This
form can only be used if the character currently holds a hu-
manlike form (those Moliated into objects cannot use Life-in-
Death). The player may opt to substitute her character's Ma-
nipulation score for her Appearance while Embodied. The
wraith takes damage as mortals do while in this form.

The art costs 2 Pathos.

vows Materialize

The wraith can assume an almost fully human form,
briefly duplicating his mortal life. While Materialized, he
breathes, bleeds, sweats and enjoys his former warmth. The
wraith can do anything he could do while he was
alive. The only restriction is time — this

form's cost in Pathos and concentration is 5
staggering. The sensation of this form is al-

most overpowering, especially to wraiths
who have been dead a long time.

System: The player must roll Manipu-
lation + Embody. Each success allows the
character to be solid for as long as it
takes to draw one breath. If the char-
acter is attuned to the person view-
ing him, he may manifest for one
hour per success. While Materi-
alized, the wraith suffers any dam-
age as if he were still mortal.

Each use of this art costs 3
Pathos and 1 Willpower.


Ys h! Forgive me, my lady, for I did not recog-
Wy -a| nize you. Of course I shall advise you. No,
BAM) there is no cost; all I ask in return is that you
remember me when your time comes.
Some claim that Fate's mark is on
everything, even (and especially) the
souls of the dead. Fatalism is the
Arcanos that allows wraiths to read Fate's tapestry, to
the extent of interpreting someone's past or future.

Fatalism is a dangerous Arcanos; those who
tamper with Fate's weaving can find themselves hor-
ribly ensnared in its webs. There should be stiff
penalties for abuses of this power; Fate does not
take kindly to meddlers in her works.

qhe Guild

The Oracles' Guild enjoyéd steady
business in its heyday. Some say they di-
rectly served the Lady of Fate herself,
others that even higher powers com-
manded their allegiance. Rumor aside,
Oracles were prized as advisors on most
matters, and were sought after as counselors
by many Stygian lords. Their good fortunes
lasted until Serena, the Grand High Oracle, told
Charon his fate was to be lost to the Tempest. In.
anger, he levied great punishments upon her, caus-
ing her to refrain from relating the remainder of her
prophecy and angering her Guild. It was at this time
that the Oracles threw in behind the Artificers' and
Usurers' mad scheme, precipitating the coup.

Despite knowing the inevitable price to be paid, the
Oracles abandoned the other Guilds soon after the Usu-
rers and Masquers withdrew from the revolution. These days,
Oracles tend to associate with Chanteurs, Sandmen andeven
Spooks. Many find it best to not advertise their calling, ad-
vising only those clever enough to seek them out. There is a
fierce unspoken loyalty between Oracles, but they avoid long
associations with one another.

Oracles prefer gaudy attire, and most have arcane mark-
ings or symbols of Fate inscribed on their foreheads and arms.
These sigils appear on their own and cannot be removed, and
many appear to dance or move on their own.

atalism

Oracles
Botches

Although many Fatalism botches result in misinfor-

tation, the Storyteller should not feel limited to simple
misreadings. Perhaps the character sees a horrible omen,

and his ability to concentrate is badly shaken for a scene
or two (+2 to all difficulties). Or maybe Fate withholds
its answers, and Fatalism itself will not work for the

wraith foran hour or so. Remember that those with
Fatalism trust deeply in Fate's inevitable will, and
dread losing what control or insight they have
worked hard to possess.

Basic Abilities

Kismet: This is the ability to gauge a
person, Situation or thing's importance in
the grand weave. A practiced Oracle

can easily perceive the forces at play
around those with great destinies.
System: The player rolls Per-
ception'+ Fatalism (difficulty 6),
thereby determining how vital some-
thing is to the "overall scheme of
things." This ability is handy for discern-
ing Storyteller characters and those of the
other players in a given scene.

Fatal Vision

Those with Fatalism can read a person's

deathmarks, the marks on wraiths and mortals fated
to die soon. Deathmarks hint at the manner. of a
person's death, and appear on mortals shortly before they
die. Some mortals, those doomed to die in particularly
tragic fashion, manifest deathmarks months or even years
before their deaths.

System: The player must roll Perception + Fatalism
(difficulty of the subject's Willpower). Each success of-
fers greater insight into the person's manner of death. If a
wraith uses Fatal Vision just before an Interpretation (see
below), each success on the Fatal Vision roll adds a die to
the Interpretation. Fatal Vision also reveals if the subject
has been previously targeted by Fatalism.

« foreshadow

The wraith's attunement to Fate's interweaving strands allows her to sense when danger approaches, much as a spider
perceives vibrations along its web.
System: The Storyteller may secretly roll Perception + Fatalism (difficulty 6) when the character becomes endangered.
The difficulty of the roll varies with the subtlety of the threat. The number of successes reflects how effectively forewarned
the character is (generally one turn per success). This art costs no Pathos, but the uneasiness it inspires grants the character |
Angst for each successful use.

«interpretation

The wraith can interpret a person's fate or read into her past by means of this art. Interpretation is typically used with
some form of divination paraphernalia (the Tarot or I Ching, runecasting, astrology or the like); attempting this art without
such props is far more difficult and likely to backfire.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Fatalism (difficulty of the subject's Willpower). Both the interpreter and sub-
ject may spend Willpower to aid this roll. The player may then ask the Storyteller one short question about the subject for

each success gained. The Storyteller need not answer openly; cryptic or incomplete answers are perfectly acceptable.
Attempting this art without any divinatory tools increases the difficulty by + 2.
Interpretation costs 2 Pathos.

vw» Guesswork

As a wraith masters Fatalism, she can learn to read
the interplay of Fate's forces more quickly, even in stress-
ful situations. Guesswork allows a wraith to "read into"

someone else's actions, and intuitively respond
even before the target acts.
System: In combat, a player
may roll Wits + Fatalism (dif-
ficulty 8). Each success on
this roll adds another success
to the character's initiative roll
(Wits + Alertness; see page 257). If
the player gets twice as many initiative suc-
cesses as her opponent, the Storyteller
may tell her something of her foe's in-
tentions ("He's going to try to force you
into the Nihil."), allowing her charac-
ter to act appropriately.
This art costs 2 Pathos

Luck

of the final level of Fatalism permit a
adjustments to Fate itself. By invok-
ing Fate's blessing, a wraith can enjoy greater success in
her efforts.

"3
The secrets
wraith to make minor

System: At the beginning of each story, the character may

roll Wits + Fatalism (difficulty 6). The number of successes
equals the number of "ones" (potential botches) that the
player may choose to ignore for the duration of the
story. This art cannot affect Harrowings, however, and
may only be activated once per story.

Activating Luck costs 2 Pathos and 1 Willpower.

Chapter Five: Traits 143

used to be a skin sack filled with warm blood,
f| same as you. | just traded up for a better model.
Now I have a motor for a heart, electricity in
my veins, my hair is fiber-optic, and my copper
fingers snake through cities. It's theultimate up-
J grade, my friend. Get with the program.

Wraiths skilled in Inhabit are masters of the inanimate.
They can infuse their very essence into an inanimate object,
attuning themselves to its every inch, in time even learning
how to animate their "home." If an object is destroyed /

it, the item immediately becomes
a relic. Masters of Inhabit can even imbue an object
with their own Arcanoi, gradually pouring Corpus and
Willpower into the item to create a form of inex-
pensive yet powerful Artifact.

Inhabit is a textbook example of how Arcanoi
evolve to fit the times. Many of Inhabit's atts are
recent creations, deemed more useful in the In-
formation Age than the antiquated arts they
replaced. It is entirely likely that older wraiths
still practice the Ancient Arts of Inhabit, never
learning the new-fangled tricks of the modern
age. (For more information on Inhabit and its
lost Arts, see Guildbook: Artificers.)

There are some advantages to attuning Inhabit to
a specific object. By preparing an inanimate Consort, a
wraith can exert more control over its functions when
Inhabiting it. Wraiths must spend Willpower while
Shellridingan object toattune it. (See "Attunement," page 135.)

The Guild

The proud Artificers claimed to be not only the richest of
Guilds, but also the eldest. Nhudri himself, the Artificers say, cre-
ated their Guild in order to train helpers for his forge. The practi-
tioners of other Arcanoi quickly recognized the assets of such or-
ganization, and followed the Artificers in forming theirown Guilds.

In the social unrest following the Third Great Maelstrom,
the Artificers fomented rebellion against Charon. They rallied
the other Guilds around them, and led the battle to overthrow
the Hierarchy. They failed, and paid the price. Although many
ex-Artificers are still employed as soulforgers, it is illegal to use
or teach Inhabit in many places. While soulforging is a vital part
of the Stygian economy, those Artificers who know only Inhabit's
secrets dwell in squalor a far cry from the glory of the first Guild.

Most Artificers are charred or marked with reddish patches from
their work at the soulforges. Younger Artificers specializing in com-
puter-based arts have charred traceries of circuit-board patterns instead.

144 Wraith: The Oblivion

habit

|
Artticers

Botches

Inhabit mishaps are an excellent way to become trapped in an inani-
mate object far longer than one might like. A wraith might likewise acci-
dentally short out a valuable device, delete important computer files or
have her senses overwhelmed by the input suddenly available. Botching
some of the newer arts might even cause the host object to explode. ...

Basic Abilities

Sense Gremlin: "Gremlin" is a slang term for wraiths who
possess machines. A wraith may carefully examine an object with
this ability, determining if any wraiths are currently in residence.
System: The player need obtain only one success
on a Perception + Inhabit roll (difficulty 6) to deter-
\ mine whether or not a machine is Inhabited. More
; \ successes are useful for determining the Shellriding
entity's nature (or numbers). With three or more
successes, the wraith can even tell if a machine

has been recently Inhabited.
Shellride: The wraith may slide his Corpus
without harm intoa machine or object, hiding there
from other wraiths. He has no control over the ob-
ject only remaining within until he chooses to leave.
System: The wraith rolls Dexterity + Inhabit toslip
safely intoan object. While there, he can be only detected
by Sense Gremlin. However, if the host object is destroyed,
the wraith immediately takes a Corpus Level of damage and is

/; how many suécesses are needed fora rival Shellrider also seeking
/ shelter in the same object to force the first wraith out. Multiple
wraiths can Shellride the same device, assuming it is large enough.

* Surge
By passing his hand through an electronic device, the wraith
may cause a temporary short, briefly cutting its power. This disrup-
tion of the electron flow can actually damage computers and other
delicate instruments, especially those without surge protectors.
System: The player rolls Wits + Inhabit. The number of successes
indicates the number of devices that can be shorted simultaneously.

+ Ride the Electron Highway

This art allows a wraith to slide into wires and transmit herself across
communication networks and computer satellites. This mode of travel, called
the Electron Highway, slike ridinga bullet rain through tunnels, barriersand
gateways of light. If the wraith can get past the tollbooths and barricades
that represent computer security systems, the world opens up before her.


The more successes obtained, the further and faster the wraith can
travel. This art costs a Pathos point, while failure gives the wraith a
temporary Angst and may well strand her someplace unpleasant.

 Gremlinize

The wraith may possess and control machines. True control comes
only with attunement. Spur-of-the-moment Gremlinization allows only
minor, clumsy effects, such as tuming a machine on or off.

The wraith must spend 2 Pathos to Inhabit a machine,
plus 1 Pathos per effect evoked.

w Claim

The wraith may Shellride an object and possess it as her own body
for a scene. Her senses are unaffected, save that they are spread out over
the entire object she is Claiming. For example, a wraith Claiming a car
can see, hear and feel everything happening to it, within it and around it.
She may even exert some control over the host object while Claiming it.

System: The player rolls Strength + Inhabit. The number
of successes determines the maximum size of the object that may
be Claimed. She needs only one success to possess a book; five
to Claim a house. A wraith may exert some control while inside
(turning pages, locking windows, etc.); the exact extent of her
control depends on whether or not she is attuned to the object
and how many extra successes she scored on the roll above and
beyond those needed to take control of the object.

Ifthe object is destroyed while Claimed, the wraith may spend Will-
power and Corpus to form it intoa relic. One Willpower and one Corpus
must be spent per success required to Claim it in the first place.

Claim costs 3 Pathos.

ver Empower

Wraiths with this art can create a form of inexpensive Artifact
by placing one of their Arcanos arts into a relic. Other wraiths
thereby are able to use the art by activating the relic. The relic
usually must be appropriate to the Arcanos involved; a calculator
makes a far superior vessel for Usury than an umbrella, for instance.

System: First, the player rolls Wits + Inhabit. Like other Inhabit
arts, the difficulty equals the local Shroud rating; most Artificers
Empower relics in the safety of their Haunts. The number of successes
indicates the highest level of Arcanos the wraith may invest.

Next, the wraith activates the appropriate Arcanos art while fo-
cusing on the relic. The wraith makes the roll and pays the appropriate
cost, although no obvious effect results. If successful in this roll, the
wraith imbues the relic with the Arcanos. Next, he fuels the relic with
Pathos (up to as many points as the number of successes on the Em-
power roll). He then chooses whatever command activates the relic (a
phrase, gesture, whistled note, etc.), and seals it with three Pathos.

The result isa minor Artifact. Anyone who uses the activation com-
mand and spends the appropriate cost for the art (Pathos, Willpower or
Angst gain) may use the Arcanos sealed within, expending one of the
stored Pathos points, When the invested Pathos (excluding the three used
to seal the relic) are expended, the relic becomes "normal" once again.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Inhabit (difficulty 8).

Example: Journeyman Christine Andreas wants to place
the art of Imitate (she knows Moliate ¢¢) into her relic of a
hand mirror, allowing the owner to mimic a local Centurion's
face. She travels to her Haunt and begins the Empower effort.
Her player rolls Wits + Inhabit (eight dice for Christine) against
a difficulty of 6 (the Shroud rating in her Haunt). She scores 4
four successes, more than enough. She focuses her will, rolling
Dexterity + Moliate (getting one success against difficulty 8)
and spending one Pathos to activate Imitate. Next, she invests
four Pathos to give the mirror four "charges." (She would have >
liked more, but only got four successes on her Empower roll.)
She decides that the owner must whisper, "Mirror, mirror," to
activate the relic, and seals it with three more Pathos points.
She passes the mirror to Dmitri. By whispering the command,
Dmitri can roll his Dexterity + the mirror's Moliate ¢¢, spend a
Pathos point and assume the Centurion's appearance. He can do {
this only four times before the mirror's Pathos is expended and it
becomes a normal relic once more.
Empowered items cannot be a only Empow-

ered a second time. There is no
known way to create a permanent {
iq

Artifact with this art.

This art costs no addi-
tional Pathos, but 2
Willpower.

oyou think that because we no longer draw breath,
our voices lack power? Hush. Hush and listen.

Keening is an Arcanos of emotion
transmitted by sound. The ancient legends
of banshees and ghostly mourners have at
least some basis in Keening's atts. Those
who have mastered this Arcanos can sing
emotion into their listeners, living or dead.

It is not absolutely necessary for a wraith to sing to. use
this Arcanos. If a wraith wishes to touch others' emo-
tions through dance, oration or even laughter, she may.
In such cases the difficulty for all Keening rolls is raised
by + 1; after all, the Arcanos is taught through song.

Ultimately, the emotions Keening instills.are
artificial, and cannot compare to the heady rush
of true feeling. Gaining Pathos from a Keening-
fed emotion is possible, but the difficulty is 9,
and the energy is far blander than usual. Mas-
ters of Keening often prefer to infect one
person with an emotion, then feed on the
feelings he engenders in his companions.

qhe Guild

Haughty and arrogant, the Chanteurs prided
themselves on being the ones who brought music to
the Underworld. With an artistic hubris exceedingeven
the Masquers', they hired themselves out as troubadours
to the Restless' elite. At the height of their pride, they
joined the Guilds' revolt enthusiastically, and the shock of
their actual defeat took decades, if not longer, to recover from.
Still, individual Chanteurs retained influence and access to
the high and mighty of Stygia — the Stygian nobles would do
anything for such potent diversion, and for centuries the Chanteurs
were deemed to be one of the few "acceptable" entertainments .in
certain social circles. Even today, many wraiths search out
Chanteurs to feel the depth of mortal emotion once more,

All Chanteurs play a musical instrument of some kind;
even those who perform a cappella use noisemakers or thythm
keepers such as finger cymbals, castanets or drumsticks.

Botches

Keening botches usually involve emotional feedback or
fallout of some kind. Mishaps can feed a wraith's darker emo-
tions (feeding Angst to their Shadow), drive friends to distrac-
tion (raising their difficulty numbers for a scene), or possibly
even drive the singer temporarily mad as his attempts to meddle
in the emotions of others are turned back upon himself.

146 Wraith: The Oblivion

Keening

Chanteurs

—

Basic Abilities;

Perfect Pitch: This is the ability to notice when another
wraith is actively using Keening.

System: The player must roll Perception + Keening
(difficulty 6). Perfect Pitch can be resisted with Sotto Voce
(below).

Sotto Voce: With Sotto Voce, a wraith may hide her
Keening arts in normal singing or casual conversation.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Keen-
ing (difficulty 6). Sotto Voce can be detected by Per-
fect Pitch; whichever wraith scores more successes
on her roll wins.

+
* Dirge

This art allows a wraith to catalyze a
A listener's "darker" emotions: despair, anger,
N fear, loneliness, grief, lust and so on. This

Wf arthas provenexcellent for removing un-
if wanted mortals from a particular locale.
System: The player rolls Charisma +
WJ Keening (difficulty 8). The number of successes

determines the depth and duration of the feel-
ing. Five successes will afflict a mortal with a nega-
tive emotion for a week.

Wraiths, however, are not as affected. Dirge is
an easy art to learn because it draws on the knowledge
and sensation of death, a sensation familiar to all wraiths.
However, that familiarity weakens the impact of this art,
and the number of successes on the Dirge roll indicates
how many turns a wraith will be affected.

This art costs 1 Pathos, but gives the user 1 temporary
Angst.

Ballad

The wraith may inspire the "higher" emotions: serenity,
joy, mirth, loyalty, love, inspiration, vigor, faith and so forth.
This art is highly useful for protecting Fetters and swaying
other wraiths into alliances.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Keening (diffi-
culty 8). The number of successes indicates the depth of feeling
and its duration. Five successes can flood a mortal with cheer for
an entire week. Wraiths are less easily cajoled; the number of
successes equals the number of turns the emotion lasts.

Ballad costs 1 Pathos.

Muse

This art allows the wraith to make a suggestion into
the subject's subconscious, inspiring him with an idea he will be-
lieve to be his own. This is useful for those who continue to com-
pose music, art or literature after death, but want a medium
to bring their works to the living. More commonly, the art
is used subtly to manipulate other wraiths.

System: The more successes gained on a Manipulation +
Keening roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower), the better the
target interprets the suggestion. Three or fewer successes indi-
cate that he gets the general idea, but puts his own spin on
Four successes mean that he will follow the suggestion a8
long as it isn't directly harmful; five or more compels him
to do as the Chanteur pleases. This art works equally
well on wraiths, mortals or other supernatural beings.

aes J!
Muse costs 2 Pathos and grants the user a point of Angst.

Crescendo

The wraith can scream a musical blast capable of
damaging plasm at close range. The sound carries a great
distance; wraiths within a mile or two will hear ,
the Crescendo.

System: Roll Stamina + Keening (difficulty
8). The singer inflicts one Corpus Level of damage per suc-
cess on every wraith in normal hearing distance. The dam-
age is not aggravated, and can be soaked. Crescendo can-
not be concealed with Sotto Voce.

Singing a Crescendo while Embodied inflicts all
listeners with a terrible, heartstopping fear that in-
flicts one Health Level of damage per two successes.
This damage may also be soaked, but will affect vam-
pires, werewolves and other supernatural creatures.

This art costs 3 Pathos, as well as granting the user a point of Angst.

wwe Requiem

This art floods the subject with raw, undiluted emotion. Any feeling
the wraith wishes will pour over the target, burying her soul in its tide.

System: The wraith chooses the emotion he wants to project
and rolls Strength + Keening (difficulty 7). The subject may resist,
with a Willpower roll, but only if she is prepared. Each success scored
by the Chanteur paralyzes the subject for one turn; she is overwhelmed
with emotion and cannot move, act, speak or defend herself. Par-
ticularly dark emotions can scar the target's soul. If five or more suc-

cesses are scored with a dark emotion, the subject may lose dots of
Mental Attributes or go insane. Pleasant emotions can affect
the subject harmfully, too. She may become addicted
to the powerful feeling, willing to do anything for
its rush again.

This art costs 3 Pathos plus 1 Pathos per suc-
cess. If the projected emotion is "dark," the Shadow
gains 1 temporary Angst per success.

ow did I find you? Love, it was easier than
| you think. We had a bond in life; in death
by it's even stronger.

Lifeweb is the study of the ties be-
| tween wraiths and the living/world. A
§| master of this Arcanos' secrets can sense
and manipulate the bonds of the Fet-
ters, handling their energy as a weaver manipulates her
shuttle and loom.

Lifeweb allows a wraith to monitor her Fetters' en-
ergy, keeping track of them even at a distance. Some
sit at the heart of these web, extending their senses
to any "trouble spot" as it is disturbed, Others/a¢-
tively walk among people, places and things,
marking some as temporary Fetters in order to

watch over them more efficiently, (@
iS »

qhe Guild
A

The Monitors were not as vital \to

Stygian society as the Pardonets,
Masquers or Artificers. They oftentrained. Y
their Guild members as Reapers, and as such
had considerable influence on the Lemure.
population. However, their focus,on the mor
tal world kept them from achieving as much in-
fluence in Stygia as some of the other Guilds.

Since the fall of their Guild, the Monitors have
become even more defensive than before. They refuse
to teach other wraiths any but the most\remedial arts WM
of Lifeweb, unless absolutely convinced of their pupils'
trustworthiness. Current rumors accuse certain ex-Moni-
tors of running protection rackets, threatening other wraiths'
Fetters unless bribed, and linking wraiths to objects that are
about to be destroyed.

‘

Monitors never close their eyes, not even in Slumber,
and by this they may be detected.

Botches

Misreading the delicate net of Lifeweb can have several
side effects. A botch on a simple sensory scan might lead to.a
garbled or misread reading. If the character is trying some-
thing particularly powerful, a botch might mean he loses track
of one of his own Fetters for the duration of the story. Some
say that horrible mistakes have led to wraiths accidentally
severing their own Fetters, but this has yet to be proven.

Monitors

wi

\v

ales

Basic Abilities
Locate Fetter: The wraith may "check up" on any of

his Fetters, scanning its surroundings. This ability also per-
mits the wraith to sense a Fetter's distance and direction.

System: The player rolls Perception + Lifeweb (diffi-
culty 6). Each success allows him to use one die from his
Perception + Alertness pool to survey the Fetter's area.
He may also roll Intelligence + Lifeweb to get a gen-
eral estimate of how far he is from the Fetter and in
which direction it lies.

« Sense Strand

The wraith can scrutinize the patterns of
energy surrounding wraiths and Fetters. He
may perceive the links between a wraith
and herFetters, sense whether something

is in fact a Fetter or not, and if so, iden-
tify the wraith attached to it.
System: The player rolls Perception
+ Lifeweb (difficulty 8) to study another
wraith. Each success reveals one clue about
a Fetter belonging to the subject. This study
4 must be done firsthand, and with a successful
Perception. + Subterfuge roll, the subject will re-
alize she is being analyzed. Forewarned subjects
may make a Willpower roll to resist Sense Strand.

To scrutinize a possible Fetter, the player rolls
Perception + Lifeweb (difficulty 6). To trace a Fetter's
connections in either direction, the player rolls Intel-
ligence + Lifeweb (difficulty 6). The number of successes
determines how accurately the wraith may gauge direc-
tion and-distance. A wraith may only examine a Fetter
once perfiday.

Sense Strand costs 1 Pathos.

+ Web Presence

The wraith may use this art to affect a Fetter's imme-
diate area from a distance. She may use Arcanoi, commu-
nicate with any wraith there, or make any roll involving
Mental or Social Attributes.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Lifeweb (dif-
ficulty 8).

This art costs 1 Pathos per turn of use.

if


The wraith may create an attachment with a person,
place or thing, making it a temporary Fetter. Both the
wraith involved and the object must be touched in some
manner by the Monitor doing the splicing, at which point
the connection is made. The Fetter may be maintained from
day to day, but only one temporary Fetter at a time can be
maintained with this art.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Lifeweb (dif-
ficulty 7). The new Fetter has a rating of 1. This art can
also be used to reattach another wraith to a Fetter that has
been Severed, although the difficulty becomes 8.

The affinity costs 1 Pathos to create and 1 Pathos per
day of maintenance. The maintenance cost is paid by the
wraith attached to the Fetter.

ww Sever Strand

The wraith exercising this dread art can tear another
wraith from his Fetters. She can only accomplish this
in the presence of the target Fetter, but can rip it away
through raw force of will. .

System: Once the wraith has identified and ar-
rived at the target Fetter, the player rolls Strength +
Lifeweb (difficulty of the Fetter owner's
Willpower). The target may resist this
roll with Willpower.

A wraith whose Fetter has
been thus severed may reat-
tach it by two methods.
First, he may simply
expend one perma-
nent Willpower
while in contact
with the former
Fetter. Alter-
nately, he may
use Splice Strand
(or have another
wraith use it on him)

to reconnect the link. This cannot be done with Fetters
severed by Harrowings, or otherwise lost "naturally," but
only those which Lifeweb has separated from him. He may
spend a Willpower point to make the Splice Strand effect
permanent, but only if the object was previously one of
his Fetters.

This art costs 2 Pathos and 1 Willpower.

Soul Pact

The wraith who has mastered this art can claim a will-
ing mortal's soul as his own. This is usually done as part
of a contract where the mortal promises her soul in ex-
change for help from "the other side." Thereafter, while
the mortal lives, she becomes a Fetter of the wraith. When

the mortal dies, the wraith becomes instantly aware; if (
the mortal becomes a wraith, she and the Monitor con-
tinue their link.

System: The player rolls Cha-
risma + Lifeweb (difficulty of the
subject's Willpower). The target
then becomes a one-point Fetter.
If the subject becomes a wraith af-
ter death (and most do), she and the
Monitor each receive a one-point
Passion to protect one
another.

This art costs
5 Pathos and 3
Willpower.

Chapter five: Traits


top twitching, this is delicate work. You paid
heavy Pathos for quality, and I'm the best
you'll find. Ah, there we go. Excellent. Now
try not to get those wings torn off — I can't
}}) promise that anyone else could mend them
) and keep the incandescence going.

The soulstuff of wraiths, called
plasm, is a far more malleable substance than flesh. Moliate,
sometimes called soulshaping, is the power,of sculpting
and rearranging that plasm.

Wraiths who know the secrets of Moliate can make
plasm beautiful, cause it to shimmer or glow, and even.
make it look vibrantly alive. They can also sculpt it
into any horrific disfigurement imaginable, With
the expenditure of Pathos, Moliate' turns plasm
ever-so-briefly fluid, just long enough for a tal-
ented shaper to create a vision of beauty or a
thing out of nightmare.

The more complicated the effect
sought with Moliate, the longer it takes.
Simply ripping off a chunk, of san
opponent's plasm or drawing aclenched fist
into a club is nearly instantaneous, while re-
shaping a wraith into a finely worked seat cush-
ion or reworking the appearance of one's entire
Corpus can take minutes or even hours.

qhe Guild

The Masquers' Guild, back in the bygone days, was a
sprawling house of fashion and beautification. The Masquers
devoted much of their time to filling the heavy demand for cus-
tom Moliation, and enjoyeda lofty position among Guilds. Whether
itwas shaping a wraith into her ideal self-image or drawing terrible
weapons from her very Corpus, the Masquers claimed they would
meet every request and create true art while they were at it.

Of course, the masters of Moliate were also wartiors, spies
and assassins of the highest caliber. When the Masquers de-
cided to withdraw from the Guilds' attempted coup, the other
wraiths' distrust of them grew stronger. While practically ev-
ery Citadel has a former Masquer on the payroll, any wraith
talented at Moliate is watched very carefully these days.

Masquers are exceptionally attuned to their art, and have
a near-obsession with perfection. In addition, their Corpora
are extremely malleable, and Masquers often appear to be just
a bit too perfect. Occasionally, two or more Masquers who
work well together adopt precisely the same visage.

150 Wraith: The Oblivion

Molate
Masquers

Botches

A botched Moliate roll can result in any number of grotesque
slip-ups, none of which are easily fixed. Perhaps the wraith to be shaped
loses points of Appearance, or the enemy to be Rent actually gains
Corpus Levels from the clumsy sculpting. Any undesirable change
in appearance or capabilities should probably last for a scene, al-
though the Storyteller may allow the character to spend a Will-
power point to try fixing the careless soulshaping before then.

Basic Abilities

Glow: The wraith can use this art to cause her-
self or another to glow with an inner light of what-
ever color and intensity she chooses.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Moliate
(difficulty 7). The number of successes indicates
how many scenes the glow lasts.

This art costs 1 Pathos.

Return of Death's Visage: This abil-
ity brings the wraith's form back to her origi-
nal visage, making her appear as she did when
her Caul was first removed.

System: The player rolls Manipulation +
Moliate. The difficulty varies depending on the
amount of change the wraith has undergone since
her death (minor change 6, moderate change 8, dras-
tic change 10). The number of successes determines
how accurately the wraith assumes her original shape.

This art costs 1 Pathos.

Shapesense: Those with Moliate can detect whether or
notanother wraith has been Moliated, and ifso, in what manner.
System: The player rolls Perception + Moliate (difficulty equal

to the original shaper's Dexterity + Moliate). The number of suc-
cesses determines the amount of information gleaned, possibly even
giving the character an idea of the reshaped wraith's original form.

* Imitate

The first art taught to students of Moliate is the ability to
change one's face to mimic another's. This is obviously easiest
when the wraith is looking at the face to be Imitated, though
Imitate may be done from memory. The wraith may only change
her face, not her whole Corpus.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Moliate. The diffi-

culty varies: 5 if she can see the face, 8 if working from memory.
If the wraith has a skinmask of the target in her possession


(see Rend below), the difficulty drops to 4. The number of

successes indicate the difficulty of penetrating the disguise.
This art costs 1 Pathos.

™ Seulpt

A wraith may use Sculpt to alter the Corpus however she
chooses. She may devise new appendages, shape jagged teeth,
grow new sensory organs, adorn herself with markings or pat-
terns, or cause parts of her body to glow or shift color. The only
effect Sculpt can create that mimics weaponry is the creation
of enhanced teeth, allowing the wraith to perform the bite
maneuver. Apart from this, the wraith retains her original physi-
cal capabilities regardless of her number of appendages; actively
using new appendages requires Martialry (listed below).

System: The character may Sculpt himself or another wraith.
The player rolls Manipulation + Moliate (difficulty 7). The Story-
teller sets the number of successes necessary for the goal. Any Sculpt-
ing effects are permanent (until negated by another Sculpting).
This art cannot cause damage; it just changes the target's shape.

This art costs 1 Pathos to use, and the subject loses a
Corpus Level.

Sculpt may also be used to heal aggravated
damage; a wraith using Sculpt can replace
lost Corpus Levels by reworking the
wounds. The healer must obtain one
success for each level of aggravated
damage to be healed; this use of Sculpt
costs a Willpower and a Pathos, plus
1 Pathos per success.

 Martialry

This art permits the wraith to shape her limbs
into weapons or form her skin into armor. Any weapons
created are automatically usable by one who knows how,
but armor tends to be stiff and inflexible. The wraith
simply molds the chosen limb into the desired weapon,
hardening it as she goes. By the same token, the wraith
trying to make armor works her Corpus into a formi-
dable carapace with a mirrorlike
sheen. Many Masquers deliber-
ately make their bodily arsenal
as ornate and personalized as /
possible without detracting a
whit from utility.

System: To create weaponry,
the player must roll Intelligence + Moliate
(difficulty of the character's Stamina + 3). Each
success allows the weapon to inflict an addi-
tional die of damage in hand-to-hand com-
bat. The shape of the weapon matters
little, although many wraiths pre-
fer swords for ease of use.

oe

J a 151

To sculpt armor, the player rolls Stamina + Moliate (diffi-
culty Strength + 3). Each success adds one die to the character's
soak roll, but each success after the first adds + 1 to the difficulty of |
any Dexterity-based roll from the armors stiffness.

Using Martialry costs 3 Pathos. Weapons and armor cannot be

created at the same time; Martialry must be used twice to create both

effects. Furthermore, a wraith can only use Martialry on himself; gird-
ing others for war is one of the lost arts of the now-banished Guild.

wm Rend

Masters of this art can tear apart the Corpora of other wraiths.
Creative use of Rend allows one to dismember, disfigure or oth-
erwise mutilate another soul, even going so far as to permit tear- "
ing off a victim's face and keeping it as a souvenir. Such a grisly
trophy is called a skinmask, and can aid the use of Imitate.

System: The character using Rend must first contact her
target, generally by making a successful attack roll. The player
tolls Strength + Moliate (difficulty of the victim's Stamina + 3).
Each success inflicts one die of aggravated damage, plus one die |
per extra point of Pathos spent. Five or more successes permits
the wraith to tear off a portion of her opponent (e.g., face, hand,
knee or just a random handful of plasm). P
Rend costs 1 Pathos to activate, plus whatever the player /
spends to gain extra dice. Each use of Rend gains the
character 1 Angst.

wm Bodyshape

The character with this art
may transform his or another's
Corpus into practically any-
thing imaginable, from a |
supermodel to a bookcase
or chunk of modern sculp-
ture. It is dangerous to
» stretch one's plasm too

thin; the relative volume of
the final form should be roughly |
equal to the wraith's normal volume.

System: The player rolls Wits +
Moliate, at a difficulty depending
on the final form. Taking the
form of an oily puddle is very |
easy (difficulty 5), while mim-
icking a Hierarchy Anacreon in
full regalia is much harder (diffi-
culty 9). The wraith can only main-
tain a full-body change for a lim-
ited time (one scene per success)
before his Corpus reverts to normal.

This art costs 4 Pathos. If
Moliating an unwilling wraith into a torch or
similar object, the wraith also gains 2 Angst.


rmmrraaaaaaAAAAAHHHH! Scared you;
didn't I?!

There are several ways to affect the
living world from the Shadowlands, Out-
rage is the Arcanos that manifests a
wraith's strength of will as kineti¢ force.
Its arts are all physical or violent in some
form or another, as are its practitioners.

qhe Guild

The Spooks Guild was almost not a Guild at all; its
members were such fractious troublemakers that they
had difficulty relating even to each other, Their lack
of internal structure hampered their ability to deal
with other Guilds, and they enjoyed only moder-
ate demand for their arts. Only the Artificers
found constant employment forthe Spooks,
enlisting them in the creation of relies.

Consequently, the Spooks weren't hit
that hard by the disbanding of the Guilds:
They drifted back into their usual activities
with little difficulty, and ex-Guild members can
still be found starting fights and fires in the rough-
est parts of cities. They enjoy brandishing*blunt
weapons such as maces, and often spend time in the
company of their fellow miscreants, the Hauinters.

The typical Spook has oddly knotted, powerful
muscle groups and a somewhat misshapen. look,

Botches

A botched Outrage attempt might strike the wrong tar-
get, or play over the wrong area of effect. The wraith might
put too much of herself in the effort, losing some Stamina or
Willpower for a scene or so. Even worse, excessively violent
effects might well feed the Shadow large amounts of Angst:

Basic Abilities

Leap of Rage: By focusing his emotion and will in the
Shadowlands, the wraith becomes capable of extraordinary
leaps and jumps.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Outrage (diffi-
culty 6). The wraith may add any successes to those he

would normally score when making a leap or jump. This
art can also be used to change direction in the Tempest.

‘Ping

This basic level allows the wraith to manipulate the small-
est objects in the material world. The wraith may only move
objects about the size of a bottle cap, and these just a small
distance in any direction. This tends to be useful for at-
tracting the living's attention or pressing small buttons.
System: The player rolls Strength + Outrage.
This art costs 1 Pathos per use.

« Waithgrasp

This art permits the wraith to affect the
Skinlands more fully. Wraithgrasp may only
be used to lift things, although a powerful
wraith may lift sizable objects (and then
drop them at his leisure). The object
can be lifted to a fair height before the
wraith releases it.
System: The player rolls Strength +
Outrage. The number of successes indicates
what.can be lifted (see "Feats of Strength," page
249): Objects may only be lifted, not pushed
around, manipulated or moved in any other way.
Each use of this art costs 2 Pathos.

+ Stonehand Punch

The wraith summons his anger and lashes out
actoss the Shroud, striking his target with raw force. This
art can also be used on objects in the Underworld, in-
cluding other wraiths.

System: Each success on a Strength + Outrage roll in-
flicts‘one Health Level (or Corpus Level, if the target is a
wraith) on the subject.

This art costs 2 Pathos per strike.

vw Death s Touch

The wraith may now manipulate objects in the physical
world. This art permits typing, opening windows and so on,
just as if the wraith were solid. The wraith may alternately


choose to create friction, start-
ing fires without any sort of mate-
rial source of flame.
System: The player rolls Dexter-
ity + Outrage. The wraith's delicacy and
* control depend on the number of successes
rolled. The power lasts up to one minute
per success.

*To start a fire, the wraith rolls
d Strength + Outrage (difficulty 8). The
number of successes indicates the heat and

extent of the fire.

This art costs 3 Pathos.

~m Oblivate

This hideous art allows a wraith to damage
someone or something so severely that it can be sent
to Oblivion. Material objects thus destroyed vanish
into Oblivion, unless Inhabited by a wraith (in which
case they become rel: Using this art on objects or rel-
ics in the Shadowlands sends them directly into Oblivion.
This art can also destroy wraiths or mortals, forcing
their souls into Oblivion.

System: The player rolls Strength + Outrage against
the local Shroud. If trying to affect another wraith, the diffi-
culty is the target's Stamina + 3. Each success inflicts one
level of aggravated, nonsoakable damage. Living creatures suf-
fer Health Levels of damage, but their souls fall into a Destruc-
tion Harrowing if they are slain. Wraiths reduced to zero Cor-
pus through this art also immediately fall into Destruction

Harrowings.
This art costs 3 Pathos. The wraith also gains 2 Angst each

time he uses Obliviate.

Chapter five: Traits


ook at that! Look at those folks scurry for
safety! Who says there's no beauty in discord?
Wheee!

Pandemonium is the ability to tap
into chaos itself, releasing the strange
and eldritch upon the living world.
Some call this Arcanos the Wylding,
an appropriate name considering that it releases forces
rather than controls them. Other wraiths tend to
avoid masters of Pandemonium, as the distorting
effects of the Wylding can be detrimental to one's
sanity.

The Fog obscures most of the more flagrant
effects of this Arcanos. Sudden mists, blood /
seeping under doors, swarms of spiders and J
clocks running out of control tend to send
most people into a state of panic or dis-
belief. Even video recordings of some of
these effects will be questioned; vid-
eotapes are becoming easier to
modify...

The difficulty for any Pandemonium
effects equals the local Shroud, unless oth-
erwise noted. Most mortals will not-remem-
ber the details of this Arcanos (see the Fog
chart, page 240).

qhe Guild

Back in the time of the Guilds, only the Spooks
would regularly associate with the Haunters. The two
Guilds cooperated to clear mortal intruders away from
buildings they were hired to "clean." However, no other
Guild would gladly mingle with the misanthropic, half-
crazed Haunters. Their harness of the Wylding seemed to
bend their minds as much as it distorted reality, and no-
body could be sure that the Haunters were fully in con-
trol of themselves or their powers. These days, Spooks
and Haunters are nearly inseparable, and other wraiths
are quite happy to leave them to each other.

Haunters are recognizably quirky, adopting all man-
ner of peculiar mannerisms (inappropriate giggling, af-
fected speech, staring just a bit too intently at your left
ear, and so on). Many have adopted billowing black cloaks
as a sort of badge of honor or theatrical device.

Paridemonium

Haunters

Botches

Pandemonium botches often result in some sort of
backlash, distorting things the wraith meant to leave
alone. They can cause temporary chaos in the wraith's
Shadowlands vicinity, or steal the wraith's Pathos or Cor-
pus without causing any Skinland effect.

Basic Abilities
Sense Chaos: The wraith's attunement to chaos
and the Shadow allows her to detect if something
has been manipulated by Pandemonium or a
Shadow. This is also helpful for detecting if a
mortal has been tampered with by Spectres.

System: The player rolls Perception +
Pandemonium (difficulty 7).

+ Weirdness

The wraith may invoke some small,
strange effect on a single target. The object of
this art may feel suddenly cold, or his hackles rise,
or he might suffer a momentary hallucination.
System: The player rolls Charisma +
Pandemonium.
This art costs 1 Pathos.

 Befuddlement

The wraith may momentarily confuse a target,
disorienting him and making him temporarily forget
who he is and what he's doing.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Pandemo-
nium (difficulty of the subject's Willpower). The effects
last for one turn per success. The victim must make an
Intelligence roll (difficulty 8) to think clearly. This art
works equally well on mortals and wraiths.

Befuddlement costs 1 Pathos.

Dark Ether

The wraith may tamper with the weather or light con-
ditions in a small area. She may radically change the tem-
perature, summon mist and darkness, modify the humid-
ity, or even evoke a glow akin to St. Elmo's Fire.

System: The player declares the effect she wants
and rolls Intelligence + Pandemonium. The number
of successes defines the degree and duration of the
change in environment. Five successes calls up
enough turbulence (if desired) to inflict one Health
or Corpus Level of damage on beings in the vici
ity. This is rare; most Haunters use this art to terrify
rather than injure.

This art costs 2 Pathos to invoke. In addition,
if Dark Ether is used as an attack, it gives the user a
point of Angst.

~~ Foul Humour

The wraith may channel his Corpus through the
Shroud, manifesting noxious substances or swarms of small \/
vermin. He can create plagues of frogs or locusts, clouds of | Ns
wasps, or nests of snakes, rats or spiders. He can alternatively ()/"
produce clotted gore, raw flesh, blood, muck, reasonably strong
acid or other foul matter.
System: The player must state what effect he is trying for
and roll Intelligence + Pandemonium. The number of suc-
cesses determines the extent and detail of the manifestation.
The substances or vermin usually vanish after a scene or less;
traces infrequently remain, particularly if the wraith scored
five or more successes. Any caustic or damaging effects inflict
one die of damage for every two successes on the initial roll.
This art costs 1 Pathos and 1 Willpower, and grants the
wraith a point of Angst.

* Tempus Fusit
The wraith can distort distance and time itself. By using Tem-
pus Fugit, he could slow or hasten the passage of time, or make the
length of a corridor seem like a footstep or a league. He may not,
however, reverse or repeat time.
System: The player declares his intentions and rolls Intelli-
gence + Pandemonium. The number of successes determines the
amount of change permitted in his immediate area.
Each success alters the flow of time by one turn. For example, if
the wraith scored three successes, he could draw out an action re-
quiring one turn into four turns of effort. Conversely, he could speed
up an action requiring six turns, letting it be finished in three. This
art can be attempted once per scene. (Note: This does not add to the
number of actions a target gets from Celerity, Rage, or Effects of the
Time Sphere; it can only subtract them.) Tempus Fugit also works in AH
the Shadowlands (difficulty 7). 1 AN
This art costs 4 Pathos and 1 Willpower. Alternately, by roll- aay \
ing Dexterity + Pandemonium (difficulty 7), a wraith may focus {)/ Ki
this art on himself alone, gaining an extra action per turn for each
success. This method costs 2 Pathos and 1 Willpower, and the
effects last for one scene.


urprised? You shouldn't be. Are not all things
possible in dream? Here, sit back under the
Clockwork Tree. Have a sip from the flask of
liquid daylight beside you. The Pageant of the
Hl] Oneiric Ossuary is about to begin!

4 Phantasm is the Arcanos of dreams.
Those with mastery of its arts can slide a
sleeping mortal's soul out of its flesh and bring it along on a
Shadowlands journey. The sleeper will remember the events
he engages in as a vague dream, if at all, but on a dreaming
level they are real indeed.

This Arcanos is a good way to involve mortals di-
rectly in a wraith's doings. A vivid dream can inspire
or frighten a person into changing his behavior. The
wraith can even alter elements of the dream to her
tastes, instructing or horrifying her audience.

Dreamers brought into the Shadowlands
are treated as wraiths with particularly solid
forms. They may only be damaged by spe-
cial Artifacts or attacks that inflict aggravated
damage on wraiths. Attacked dreamers slip
instantly back to their bodies, almost always
waking up unharmed. Only the mightiest
Sandmen can permanently damage or kill mor-
tals in their dreams.

Note: The arts of Phantasm can be used to
beneficial or malefic effect, and this has a direct ef-
fect on the price of using the Arcanos.. With the ex-
ception of Agon, any Phantasm art that is used to harm
another's soul also grants the user a point of Angst. The
same art can be used for healing and entertainment with-
out giving the Sandman in question Angst; what determines
the cost is the Sandman's intent.

qhe Guild

The Sandmen's Guild was once a glorious place to work.
Charged with artistic fervor and a love for the dramatic, the
Sandmen sculpted stages of dreamstuff and performed great
works in the theatres of sleep. Deathlords and Anacreons bar-
tered for their services, and the arts of Phantasm granted con-
siderable prestige.

When the Guilds were broken, the Sandmen did their
level best to carry on the show. Phantasm was more than a
job to them, it was an labor of love. Even today, wandering
troupes of Sandmen bring their shows to Necropoli across the

Wraith: The Oblivion

Phantasm
Sandien

y

world, recounting tales and rumors because they love noth-
ing better.

Sandmen clothe themselves in gossamer, a faintly incan-
descent material borrowed from dreams. They are also distin-
guishable by their often over-dramatic mannerisms and bear-
ing.

Botches

Botching Phantasm usually has a horrible effect on the
aN dreamer (unless, of course, that was the wraith's aim). Wo-
i ven illusions can spin rapidly out of control, sometimes
inflicting recutring nightmares on the subject. The
wraith's Shadow may also take control, tormenting
the dreamer with its twisted imagination. Creating
such ravaging Visions typically add to the offend-

ing wraith's Angst.

Basic Abilities
Sleepsense: The wraith may watch a
mortal's dreams, or tell where he is along
his sleep cycle (of REM sleep, deep sleep and
transition).
System: The player rolls Perception + Phan-
tasm (difficulty 6). The wraith may watch the
mortal's dreams for one turn per success.

+ Elsia

The wraith may gently take hold of a sleeper's soul,
pulling it free without harming it. When the soul is loose,
the wraith may carry it with her as she likes.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Phantasm. The dif-
ficulty depends on the target's current sleep cycle: REM sleep
(6), transitional sleep (7) or deep sleep (8). The mortal may
remain in the dreamscape for one scene per success. Elysia
may be used on subjects watching television or in a similar
hypnotic state. However, the difficulty is 10, and the target
may stay in the dreamscape for two fewer scenes (i.e., if the
wraith rolls one or two successes, the Elysia attempt fails).

This art costs 1 Pathos.

* Lucidity
The wraith may alter details of a mortal's dream. Say
she enters a dream where the dreamer is surrounded by croco-

N

Y

diles in his grandfather's swimming pool. The wraith
could remove the crocodiles or change them to
sharks, change day to night, or transform the
pool into a swamp. If she changes enough de-
tails, she can twist a pleasant dream into a
nightmare or vice versa.

System: First, the Storyteller assigns
a difficulty, based on the extent of the
desired changes. The player rolls Ma-
nipulation + Phantasm; the change be-
comes more vivid and lasting for
each success.
This art costs 2 Pathos.

«Dreams of Sleep

The wraith may make
other wraiths fall asleep and ,*
dream, just as if they were
alive again. °

System: The player rolls Charisma + Phantasm (diffi-
culty 6). The number of successes equals both the
number of successes needed (on a Per-
"ception + Alertness roll) to
see through an illusion and
the number of turns it
lasts. The wraith must in-
vest at least one Corpus
bevel to make the illusion
quasismaterial (and dangerous).
The illusion can take as many Cor-
pus Levels of damage before being
destroyed as the player is willing to
invest. A wraith may not "heal" a
damaged illusion; he must craft an-
other one.

°

If the illusion is potentially
damaging, the player may roll
Dexterity + Phantasm (difficulty
7) as an attack roll. The victim
may dodge. The damage roll is

Strength + Phantasm (difficulty 7),
inflicting one point of soakable damage
per success.

System: The ge
player need not roll if
the subject is willing. ,

If he is unwilling,
the player rolls
Charisma = +
Phantasm (dif-
ficulty of the
target's Will-
power). The 4
target may resist
with an op- posed Intelli-
gence + Subterfuge roll.

Phantasmagoria costs 3 Pathos to ac-
tivate, plus 1 Pathos per turn.

" Agon

The wraith may directly rip a mortal's
4 soul from her sleeping body. This is excru-
ciatingly painful and often debilitating to
the dreamer.

This art costs 1 Pathos.

vw Phantasmagoria

The wraith may weave
Pathos into illusions. Phan-
tasmagoria affects all five
senses, but the duration is
limited. Theve illusions
are only solid to other
wraiths if she invests
Corpus in them. If she
Embodies, she can craft
these illusions in the
material world.

System: The player rolls Strength
+ Phantasm (difficulty 8). The number
of successes indicates how many scenes
the wraith may hold the dreamer's soul.
The dreamer also loses an equal num-

ber of Health Levels upon awakening.
She may resist the wraith by rolling Wits
+ Subterfuge (difficulty 8), making this
art's use a true struggle. Botches on ei-
ther side are best left to the Storyteller's
imagination.

Agon costs 3 Pathos, and the wraith's
, Shadow gains 2 Angst per use. Botching
usually bestows more Angst.

»| mmm. Don't tell me you don't remember what
it felt like to be warm, to have blood pounding
Hi) in your body. Oh, I see you remember. Won-
Bil derful, wasn't it? We can feel that again, and
| more. Try holding someone else's fluttering
4 heart in your hands, or hearing her lover moan
in your ear. I can never get enough of that...

Of all the 13 Greater Arcanoi, Puppetry is the:one that
Charon forbade most sternly. Only the Deathlords and their
Hierarchy were sanctioned to ride the mortals, to possess
them and thus affect them directly. But like all forbidden
fruits, Puppetry has its devotees, those willing to risk
Hierarchy sanction for another taste of the Skinlands.

Wraiths riding a subject are not truly part of
the Shadowlands, and as such are immune to the
normal dangers of that place. However, they take
damage as their hosts do. Also, the host's Physi-
cal Attributes and Talents take precedence
over the wraith's unless the wraith is in di-
rect control. The Puppeteer is a back-seat
driver, and usually nothing more.

Most aspects of Puppetry require the
wraith to attune himself to a Consort by
spending Willpower while Skinriding-(see
"Attunement," page 135). The wraith may try
these arts (at the Storyteller's discretion) on
unattuned mortals, but the difficulty increases by +
2 (to a maximum of 10).

The Guild

The Puppeteers' Guild was never an official part-of
Stygian society. Though even Charon used theirservices on
occasion, he tolerated their presence in Stygia because of their
affiliation with the other Guilds and not for any intrinsic merit
they might possess. Their participation in the attempted coup
was the excuse Stygia had been waiting for, and the Puppe-
teers were among those wraiths most fiercely persecuted after
the coup's failure. Today, those Puppeteers who practice their
art must do so well away from any Hierarchy representatives,

Most Puppeteers feel a great fondness for mortals, acting
protectively toward their wards. Many try to avert wars among
the living and guard their favorite Quick. Of course, the oc+
casional bad seed feels quite the opposite; mortal bodies, they
argue, are the perfect entertainment, ripe to use and abuse.

Puppeteers unconsciously exhibit strange mannerisms and
often accents picked up from assorted mortal hosts during Skinrides.

Wraith: The Oblivion

Puppeteer

Botches

A Puppetry botch might trap the wraith inside her host,
an unwilling passenger without any sort of control. Perhaps
the long process of attunement is irretrievably fouled, and
must be begun again. In the case of a drastic error, the wraith
might unwittingly force her host to do something quite the
opposite of what she'd intended (for example, accidentally
firing a gun or triggering alarms with the wrong access code).

Detect Possession: The wraith may tell if another
wraith is currently Skinriding the target, or even if
the target has been attuned for Puppetry.

System: The player rolls Perception + Puppetry.
The difficulty is 7 to detect a current possession, 9
to perceive the intricate pattern of the Consort.

« Skinride

Skinriding is the most basic art of posses-

sion. Itis the capability to slip intoa mortal's body,
thereby joining with him fora briefride. The wraith
can exert no control with this art, and the host acts
of his own free will. However, any more sophisticated
Puppetryart requires the wraith first to Skinride the host.
System: In order toslip intoahost's body,a wraith mustroll
Dexterity + Puppetry (difficulty of the subject's Willpower). The
number of successes rolled determines how many successes an-
other wraith must produce in order to supplant the first in that body.

Sudden Movement

A wraith using this art may take fleeting control of her
host body's arm or leg. Subtle use of this art can make a host
manipulate an object in some way without realizing it.

System: The wraith must first Skinride the host, then
roll Strength + Puppetry (difficulty of her host's Willpower).
The victim may resist by rolling her Willpower. The more
successes the wraith gets, the greater her control.

This art costs 1 Pathos per use. If the victim resists, the
wraith also acquires 1 Angst.

+ Master's Voice

The wraith can briefly override his host's speech center,
causing him to speak. The resulting voice is a strange blend
of the wraith's and host's voices.

mate ie ae ¢ wy 3 DS od

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Puppetry (difficulty of the target's Willpower). The wraith may speak for one breath per success.
Master's Voice costs 1 Pathos and gives the wraith 1 Angst.

+ Rein in the Mind

This art allows a wraith to possess someone without the host's knowledge. In most cases, this can only be done to a Consort.

The host remains semiconscious, though passive, throughout the art's effect, and will regain control when the Puppe-
teer releases her. She will immediately try to rationalize her actions; failing, she may seek out therapy or mental
health testing. Any pain the host feels feeds back to the Puppeteer
as Corpus damage, however. Electroshock therapy is useful for
driving out wraiths, but cannot keep them out forever.
System: The player rolls Manipulation + Puppetry (diffi-
culty of the subject's Willpower or the local Shroud, whichever
is higher). The art lasts for a number of scenes equal to the Puppeteer's
successes. The host may spend a Willpower point to try to resist the
possession. In this case, the host rolls Willpower versus the Puppeteer's
Manipulation + Puppetry. Each success indicates one fewer scene that
the wraith may remain in control.

Thisart costs 4 Pathos and bestows a point of temporary Angst.

vow Obliterate the Soul

After conditioning a Consort through ex-
>£9 tended use of Rein in the Mind, the Puppeteer may
begin to live full-time within the mortal's body. The
host's personality is devoured by the Puppeteer's
4, Shadow. Whenever the wraith leaves a body thus
possessed, it becomes catatonic, responding to noth-
ing and taking no action on its own.
System: Once the wraith has conditioned a
Consort (by using Rein in the Mind at least 10
times), the player may make an extended roll of
Strength + Puppetry (difficulty of the target's
Willpower or the local Shroud, whichever is
greater. When the wraith totals enough successes
to equal the host's Willpower, she succeeds. Botch-
ing at any point should have the gravest of effects
on the Puppeteer; she may fall immediately into a
Harrowing or gain enough Angst to allow her
Shadow a Catharsis roll (see page 177).

Two weeks after its original soul's removal, the
host body will begin a slow process of decay.
fore too long, it is useless. Therefore, most wraiths

_ with this art use it only in the direst circumstances.
This art is ineffective against supernatural beings,
and can only be used once a month, on the new
moon. If the first attempt to Obliterate the Soul
gains no successes, the wraith must wait another
month to try again. On the other hand, even one
success on the initial roll will allow for followup attempts
whenever the Puppeeteer feels up to it.
This art costs 5 Pathos and 2 Willpower, and the wraith
gains a number of Angst points equal to the
%2. host's original Willpower.

Chapter Five: Traits 159


4] 'm glad we could come to an agreement. Seal

the deal with a handshake, and I'll get you
what you need. I'm nothing less than-fair,
friend.

In death as in life, nothing's free. Pa-
thos is the currency of the afterworld, and
Usury is the Arcanos of barter. It is the
delicate dance of the deal, of shifting Pathos and Corpus
from one source to another. Those with Usury'can act as
healers, mendicants, merchants or extortionists, and
sometimes all at once. It all depends on how reputable
they choose to be.

Usury involves power over death energy, and
is accordingly mistrusted in some giteles.. Many
point to the Shadow as the source of this.
Arcanos, citing innumerable "deal with the
Devil" stories as proof. They aré not so mis-
taken; repeated use of Usury can raise a
wraith's Angst to unhealthy levels rapidly.
When used upon the Quick, Usury is
nothing less than the theft of life itself.

A wraith must touch his subject to
use Usury. To affect mortals, this requires
another Arcanos, such as Puppetry, Embody,
Inhabit or Phantasm. The life energy thus sto-
len is visible to other wraiths as a vivid light,
which dims as it is absorbed.

qhe Guild

In their heyday, the Usurers were a Guild of con-
siderable repute and political power. Ever alert for the
next opportunity, they cast in their lot with the other Guilds.
when the Artificers led the coup against Charon. However,
as it became clear that the attempt was doomed to failure, the
Usurers quickly reversed their position, stranding the forces
of the other Guilds without desperately needed resources of
Pathos and Corpus. This betrayal, more than any of the oth-
ers, doomed the revolt.

The Usurers have since had to resort to secrecy to pro-
tect themselves, both from zealous Stygian patrols and from.
vengeful Guild members who resented their "treachery." Even
now, those in need of quick Corpus or Pathos must follow a
series of clues on a wild and unorthodox hunt to find a Usu-
rer. If nobody follows the client, and if she seems reliable, the

Wraith: The Oblivion

Usurers

Usurers will see her. Although this tends to restrict business
somewhat, the Usurers console themselves by being able to
charge higher prices to clients whom they don't particularly
care for.

Usurers tend to speak in precise, numerical terms. All
carry some form of scales, allowing them to keep track of the
balance of energy transferred.

Botches

Botching.a Usury roll usually reverses the path of
transferal; if stealing Corpus, a wraith might suddenly
find ‘herself pouring her own Corpus into the target.

If trying to heal a mortal, the wraith might find
herself stealing Health Levels. The Storyteller
should feel free to have the wraith's personal
energy levels fluctuate as another possibility.

AN asic Able
Assessment: The wraith can gauge
the relative levels of life and death
within an individual. Careful scrutiny can
reveal some idea of the person's relative
Stamina, Health or Corpus. Wounds appear
as vivid black slashes in the person's form, and
the observer can estimate their severity. The
wraith may also perceive life energy in general
within a specific area.
System: The player rolls Perception + Usury (dif-
ficulty 6). The more successes on the roll, the more
accurate the Assessment.

+ Transfer

The wraith may transfer Pathos between herself and an-
other wraith. She may lend her Pathos to the subject, or steal
her victim's Pathos away. This transferal is always visible to
onlookers as a vivid halo around the wraith receiving the
Pathos.

System: The player must roll Manipulation + Usury. If
the wraith is donating Pathos to her subject, the difficulty is
her client's current Pathos score. If stealing Pathos, the diffi-
culty equals her target's Willpower. The number of successes
equals the amount of Pathos that may be transferred.

When stealing Pathos, this art grants a temporary Angst.

= )h :
™ Charitable Trust

By infusing a mortal or wraith with his own Corpus, a wraith may heal wounds. The wraith breathes out his
Corpus into his target.This art can even be used on mortals without using any other Arcanos to manifest.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Usury. The difficulty equals his subject's cur-
rent Corpus or Health Levels. The wraith may transfer one Corpus Level for each
success on this roll.

This art costs 1 Pathos per use.

iM Farly Withdrawal

The reverse of Charitable Trust, this art allows a wraith to steal another person's life
energy with but a touch.

System:-Once the wraith is in contact with her prey, she rolls Manipula- 9}
tion + Usury (difficulty of the victim's Willpower). Each success steals a Health Y

adds them to hers. The wraith may only use this art as long as she is below her }

maximum Corpus; if she is unharmed, she has no place to "put" any stolen Cor- }

pus unless she possesses the Exchange Rate art (below).
This art gives the Usurer a temporary Angst point.

vw Exchange Rate

Any wraith may convert Pathos to Corpus Levels (see "Heal-
ing," page 232). Wraiths who know this art may do the oppo-
site, transforming their Corpus Levels into Pathos. They
may simply convert their own Corpus, or use this art
along with Early Withdrawal (above).

to be converted into Pathos. There is a cost of
one Pathos for each time this art is used, sort of
a metaphysical transaction fee.

investment

This art allows a wraith to pour Corpus
and/or Pathos into a relic, storing it for future
use. The wraith must focus on the relic in question, chan-
neling and carefully sealing his energy into it. The energy
E> may then be accessed by anyone who knows the seal's ges-
ture or command phrase.

System: The player spends 2 Pathos, then marks off the
number of Pathos or Corpus points that he wishes to invest.
Each success on a Intelligence + Usury roll (difficulty 7) in-
vests one point (up to the set limit) into the relic. All excess
points "gambled" are lost. To seal the points in place, the
wraith must spend a Willpower point and assign a command
phrase or gesture to "unlock" the stored reserve. A given relic may

only store one type of energy. This art is the means by which soulfire
crystals are created and maintained.

eC Ne ee _ x oS ai

or Corpus Level; the victim marks off the levels on his sheet while the Usurer ij

System: Each success on an Intelligence + {YY
Usury roll (difficulty 6) allows one Corpus Level Xf)

Passions

I have only a hazy memory of
walking down Deering Avenue and
out Congress Street toward River-
side Cemetery. I experience an odd
sensation of time passing and of dis-
tances being crossed, but I can't
seem to remember anything clearly
or in any detail. Time and distance
seem much slipperics, less well-or-
dered and defined than they did
when I was alive.

Along the way I notice several
other people. Some of them glance
my way and move on, while others
ignore me completely, either on pur-
pose or because, I assume, they are
alive and can't see-me.

Tn any event, I decide that it
would be futile, possibly even dan-
gcrous to speak to any of the people
T'm passing. The old man has me
convinced that the Shadowlands are
dangerous, and I can feel a sense of
danger as distinctly as I can feel —
and see — the darker emotions of
the people I pass by. I hope that, if
T ignore them, they'll ignore me.

When I arrive at the cemetery, |
am surprised to see that Sarah, the
woman who was once my wife, is

there. It's with an odd sense of disso-

ciation that I watch her walk up the

hill to our daughter's grave, her hands

clasped in front of her, her head

bowed. Tears stream down her face,
but more than that, I can see and feel
the dark waves of emotion that are
swirling around her, Shifting rays of
energy pulsate, and as I move closer
to her, I seem to experience some of
what she is feeling in ways | never
could when I was alive. Uncompre-
hending, I drink the feeling in.

Only after I see Sarah do I be-
gin to understand how to distinguish
the living from the dead. To my eyes,
the living, even those few who look
like they're harboring some deep-
seated sickness inside them, shine
with an energetic glow. Some of
them appear almost translucent. |
laugh, imagining them as "ghosts"
dwelling in this dead world.

All of the dead people that I see
(and the closer I get to the cemetery,
the more of them there are) appear
to havea pale, gray pallor about them
that is far more than the lifeless tone
of their skin. Their "essences," or
what New Agers might call their "au-
ras," appear wilted and faint as though
tainted by the corrupting touch of
Death. Their eyes are hollow and
blank, and seem to focus on some

unseen middle distance.

T follow Sarah up to Karen's
graveat the top of the hill, and watch
as my wife kneels beside the grave
to stare at the polished pink stone.
Her eyes glisten like quicksilver in
the eerie light of the day.

T find it curious that I feel no
exhaustion from the effort of walk-
ing out to the cemetery, even though
1 know it is more than four miles
from Pine Knoll Elementary to
Riverside. As soon as 1 am at my
daughter's grave site, though, I feel
absolutely drained, both physically
and emotionally.

T wonder how I can feel physi-
cally drained when I no longer have
a body, Everything | feel and think
are still my own emotions and
thoughts, but being dead and free of
physical restraints seems to
strengthen such feelings. My Cor-
pus trembles violently as I raise my
hands and clasp my fingers together.
No matter how hard I try to squeeze
my own hands, I can't get rid of the
uncanny dissociative feeling. There
is almost no feeling in my hands.
It's like watching someone else
move my fingers.

Powerful, conflicting emo-
tions almost overwhelm me as I

watch Sarah Jean forward and whis-


per something. Her words, faint and

echoing, are lost to me.

Grief swells inside me, but no
matter how strong it surges, tears
don't form in my eyes. My emo-
tions are bottled up inside me with
no way to find release.

] want to reach out and touch
Sarah, but I'm afraid to try, afraid
that the cascade of energy I see
shimmering around her might cause
harm either to me or to her.

"Sarah... Sarah," I-calf out as
move closer to her and reach out
with one hand.

I can't stop my hand from shak-
ing as it draws nearer to her, but then
Twatch in stunned horroras it passes
through her like an insubstantial
whiff of smoke.

Knife-sharp pangs of dread and
agony fill me when I sce her startle
and look around. Her lips move, and
she says something, but once again,
Tcan't hear her clearly.

"Yes, Sarah! I'm here! I'm

standing right here beside you!" I

call out. "It's me — David!"

I'm almost overwhelmed by a
sense of loneliness and abandon-
ment. Does she even know what's

happened to me? Has she been no-

| tified yet shat I'm dead?

A small corner of my mind
whispers that it's impossible for her
to hear or sec me, but I experience a
slim ray of hope when she seems to
react to my efforts. She stands up
slowly.and, frowning deeply, looks
around the cemetery.

I follow her gaze and see other
wraiths. Most of them seem to be pay-
ing noattention to her, but I notice that
several of them are staring in our direc
tion as though responding to our emo-
tions, They almost look hungry.

Desperate to communicate
with her, I lunge forward. My Cor-
pus moves in maddening slow-mo-
tion as I reach out to her with both
hands, wanting desperately to em-
brace her just so I can let her know
that | intend to find and protect our
daughter if she is still here in the
Shadowlands. My view of the world
is strange, like I'm watching every-
thing through an inches-thick plate
glass window. Dimensions and dis-
tances are oddly warped, and a dark,
tugging swell of vertigo rushes up
inside me. Once again, I have the
sensation of falling backwards, of
spinning out of control into a
vacuum ora void.

"Please, Sarah! Listen to me...

Look at me!" | wail, but even to my

own cars, my voice sounds no stron-
ger than a puff of wind that wouldnt
even blow out a candle.

Tormented beyond belief, I
watch Sarah shiver as she nervously
glances around the cemetery. Then,
wiping the tears from her eyes, she
starts down the slope back to her
car.

Inexpressible longing fills me
as | follow after her, still crying out
and reaching for her, trying to touch
her. | know that it is useless, and
after one last, tearful glance up the
slope at Karen's grave, she gets into
the car and drives away, Jeaving a
cloud of dust in her wake.

T'm left standing in the dappled
shade of a tree, feeling more alone and
desolate than ever. The receding sound
of her car reverberates in the dense air
like the fading patter of a distant drum.
As soon as Sarah's car is out of sight,
the deep, lonely ache inside me grows
so intense that I wish I could simply
will myself to dissolve into it...to fade
away into..Oblivion.

Standing alone in the cemetery,
watching the fine dust settle like
gently falling snow to the ground, |
slump forward and cover my face

with my hands.
I would cry if I'could.



eeu

si POT AIO pe

..] thus drew steadily nearer to that truth by whose partial
discovery I have been doomed to such a dreadful shipwreck: that
man is not truly one, but truly two.

—R.L. Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde

A Personal Demon

very wraith has his own worst enemy liv- Just as the Psyche strives to follow its Passions, the
ing in the back of his head. Though the Shadow has Dark Passions to fulfill. A wraith's existence is {

wraith's original personality, the Psyche, is _ fueled by the pure emotional energy of Pathos, but his Shadow
J} the face that a wraith presents to the world, feeds on its opposite, Angst. While Shadows aren't exactly
| his Shadow is always there, seeking to twist _ evil, they are relentlessly negative and destructive. A combi-
By) and defile all that it can. The whispererin nation of the classic Freudian id and the bully from the el-
the dark, the bringer of temptation and _ ementary school playground, the Shadow is possibly the worst
scorn, a wraith's Shadow is all of the malice and selfishness in _ thing about being a wraith. After all, external voices can be
his soul given a voice that can never be stilled. drowned out somehow. No one can quiet the tempter within.

Chapter Six: The Shadow 165

e

While you may know your character's dark side, you
certainly can't control it. That's why the job of playing
your Shadow is turned over to another player in your troupe,
who serves as your Shadowguide. This allows for real con-
flict and discussion between Shadow and Psyche, and hay-
ing the Shadow offer up its twisted perspective on your
situation just might lead to a few revelations that you
missed. After all, it's no fun if that voice offering those
tempting extra dice is your own....

Besides, it's not just your Shadowguide who gets to
have all the fun. Just as someone else is controlling your
character's dark side, you get to control someone else's.
This serves both to balance the game and to make sure
that as many players as possible are involved in the ac-
tion of the game at all times. Without Shadowguiding, if
a Circle of wraiths splits up, half the troupe faces the pos-
sibility of sitting and doing nothing while the other half
has all the fun. With Shadowguiding, however, the half
of the troupe whose characters aren't currently involved
in the action can still be a vital part of what's going on by
playing the active characters' Shadows.

The Shadows Face

Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men...

— Lamont Cranston, a.k.a. The Shadow

A wraith's Shadow is an implacable, inescapable foe,
common to all of the Restless but uniquely personal. Self-
ish in its desires, the Shadow is all of the malice, hate,
greed and darkness that is part of all of us, but refined,
distilled and allowed to stand on its own. It wants what it
wants, selfishly, and it chooses to act without concern for
the fact that its actions will inevitably drag both Psyche
and Shadow down to the Void. Indeed, most Shadows
would rather face annihilation than pay the piper for what
they've done.

In the meantime, however, there are other goals to
achieve: perverting and corrupting the Psyche; taking over
from the Psyche when circumstance permits; feeding other
wraiths to Oblivion; spreading negative emotion; and
thwarting the Psyche's goals whenever possible. A shadow
has reserves of strength that can offer to the Psyche in times
of need, but this help often comes with a terrible price, and
the wraith who starts to count on his Shadow's assistance
may find that aid revoked at the worst possible time.

A Shadow is a personality distinct from the Psyche,
and many go so far as to give themselves a name. It is a
personality without conscience or restraint, though it can
fake both of these should the need arise. There is also a defi-
nite sadistic streak in most Shadows, and some will forgo a
quick and easy victory in order to prolong the Psyche's agony.

166 Wraith: The Oblivion

Za

Shadow

haracter creation isn't finished when
| you're done with your character's Psyche.
The Shadow is just as important a part of
a wraith's persona as the Psyche, and de-
serves as much consideration and atten-
tion in its creation. A Shadow who's an
afterthought won't be interesting for a
Shadowguide to play, and without strong Psyche/Shadow in-
teraction, some of what makes Wraith unique is lost.

Shadow creation should take place in conjunction with
your Storyteller, and possibly with your Shadowguide as well.
It's difficult to judge how strong your dark side should be, and
a Storyteller's assistance in balancing Psyche and Shadow is
invaluable. Still, it's your character's Shadow; nobody knows
his dark secrets better than you do.

Step One: Archetype

I'm the one who knows your secrets

I'm the one who loves you best

I'm the thirteenth at the banquet

I'm the uninvited guest

— Marillion, "The Uninvited Guest"

The first step in creating a believable Shadow is coming
up with a character concept. Merely taking your Psyche's con-
cept and turning it upside down doesn't always work; after all,
the Shadow is its own personality. A character's Prelude is of-
ten a good time to garner clues as to what sort of Shadow she
will have, as whatever negative traits she displays in real life
will literally take ona life of their own in the Underworld.

Below are a few sample Archetypes for Shadows. Some are
variations of existing Psyche Archetypes, others are unique to a
wraith's dark side. It is quite possible for a wraith to have the same
Nature and Shadow Nature; Psyche and Shadow can share an
attitude toward the world even with wildly differing perspectives.

Sample Archetypes

These are just some of the most common Shadow Ar
chetypes, and players should feel free to modify these or cre-
ate ones of their own. When it comes to this sort of thing, the
darkness holds infinite variety.

A Shadow's Archetype serves as a method of interpret-
ing how that Shadow will assault its Psyche. A Shadow with
the Leech Archetype will whine and cajole in order to get its
way, while a Monster Shadow will be obscene and direct.

© The Abuser — Hurt terribly once, this impatient and
jealous Shadow exists to inflict his pain on others. He scruti-
nizes the failures of everyone around him, heaping scorn upon


them whenever he can. This is done partially in order to bolster
his self-image, but primarily to make everyone else hurt just as
much as he does. The Abuser will often goad you to attempt the
impossible, just to watch you fail so that he can dine upon the
self-loathing failure engenders. Chaotic and crazed, the Abuser
will lash out at any target other than his favorite one: himself.

When dominant, the Abuser will spew his vitriol in all
directions. Any excuse will set him off, and if no excuse is
provided, he will create one. Demands for obedience, absurd
requests and systematic verbal or physical abuse are this
Shadow's hallmarks. After all, why should the rest of the world
hurt less than he does?

© The Director — Quiet and organized, the Director
will take you apart with clockwork precision. Icy in her ha-
tred, she will strip your defenses away layer by layer, taking
pleasure in the surgical nature of the torment she inflicts.
There's nothing personal in what the Director does; she's just
setting the record straight by removing any delusions you
might have about goodness, sanity or any other worthwhile
qualities you thought you had.

The Director's usual modus operandi is to rifle through
the back drawers of your mind, cataloging every weakness,
every painful memory and every personality flaw, no matter
how minor. This ammunition isn't randomly flung about, ei-
ther, but is hoarded for special occasions. When your grasp
on reality starts to falter, the Director knows just how much
pressure to apply in order to push you over.

When in control, the Director likes to lay long-range
plans for the next time she is dominant, and to prepare nasty
little revelations for you to discover at carefully timed inter-
vals. She also enjoys picking apart your companions, making
cutting observations that will poison any friendships you had
made on the other side. The fact that the Director is usually
quite accurate doesn't help matters, either.

© The Freak — Everything that you ever were ashamed
of wanting to do is what the Freak lives for. Gleefully per-
verse, the Freak is an expression of pure self-hatred. It revels
in taking each of your imperfections and holding it up to the
light, so that it can be ridiculed by the rest of the world. Any-
thing you're ashamed of doing, the Freak will encourage you
to do, and the more you resist the more insistent he'll be-
come. Once you give in, though, he'll turn around and point
out how perverted you are, how sick your wants are, and how
no one else would sink as low as you. This won't keep him,
however, from reminding you how good all of those perver-
sions felt, and how enjoyable it would be to taste their plea-
sures again.... Shame and abandon are the Freak's favorite
weapons, and he uses them as often as he can.

A Freak in control is a frightening thing. He'll take your
darkest desires and play them out for the rest of the world,
leaving you to explain your actions when his control fades.
Of course, excavating others' dirty little secrets is almost as
much fun, as far as the Freak is concerned.


© The Leech — Wearing on the will and nerves like
sandpaper, the Leech gets its way through whining and ca-
joling, begging and throwing tantrums. It's a black hole for
attention and affection, and no matter how often you give
in to its demands, it's never enough. No matter how much
you give the Leech, it will want more, and won't relent un-

til its wants are satisfied for the moment. Of course, the price

of giving in again — and again, and again, and again — is to
go deeper and deeper in debt, sliding slowly toward Oblivion.
Childish and selfish, the Leech can never be satisfied, and
every time you give it what it wants, it's that much harder to
say no the next time.

When the Leech takes control, it attempts to work its wiles
on others in order to extract whatever sustenance they offer. If
permitted, it will drain everyone around it dry, then discard
and set out to look for new victims. As far as the

the hu
Leech is concerned, everything others have and more is just its
rightful due. It's owed the world on a silver platter and more
besides, and woe betide any who try to tell a Leech otherwise.

©The Martyr — Noble self-

what the Martyr offers is a shallow mockery instead. By con-

sacrifice has its place, but

stantly demanding that you give of yourself because you can
take the pain better than anyone e

can, the Martyr cheap-
ens your faith and indulges your arrogance. Claiming your
sacrifice will bring about a greater good, the Martyr will then

168 Wraith: The Oblivion

take pleasure in demonstrating that your pain didn't do any-
thing at all, and that all of your suffering was pointless. Still,
that won't keep it from urging you to give up yourself for oth-
ers every chance it gets. After all, it's just looking for a good
xcuse to take the easy way out.

When the Martyr takes control, it will attempt to ma-
neuver you into situations where, no matter what, in order to

escape you'll have to give up something important. The Mar-

tyr also tries to arrange for witnesses whenever possible, so

crifices can be used to shame others into

that its very public s
similarly self-destructive acts.

¢ The Monster — Brutally direct, the Monster is all about
pain and greed. Whatever it wants, it will command you to
take. Whatever it hates, it will demand that you destroy. If

you refuse, it will try to destroy you as well, for it cannot stand
to be balked in any way. There's no compromise or subtlety in
the Monster, and often it's the most dignified and delicate
wraiths who have a Monster lurking behind their eyes.

To see the Monster dominant is to see a foreshadowing
of Spectrehood. It will lay waste to anything in its path,
taking what it wants and destroying everything else out of
sheer spite. Guttural and vulgar, the Monster rarely has any-
thing to say that isn't an obscenity. Why bother being po-
lite to anyone else when they're nothing more than obstacles

to your pleasure?


© The Parent — No one else can love you as much, or as
well, as the Parent. No one else can take care of you as well, or
make you as happy. The Parent even accepts all of your little im-
perfections, which she'll harp on endlessly in order to prove to
you that she loves you despite your nearly infinite flaws. She'll
protect you from people who don't have your best interests at
heart, and only she can decide who those are (usually, it's every-
one else you know). You're her darling baby, so naturally she'll
help you with those hard decisions, and even make them for you.
Mother knows best, even if you break her heart by never listen-
ing to her and running around with those Renegade hooligans...

When in command, the Parent will seek to insulate you
from any corrupting or dangerous influences (i.e., anyone and
anything else). To accomplish this, it will do and say any-
thing to alienate those who care about you, using the fact
that they could be driven off as proof that they weren't really
your friends, anyway. It just goes to show that she's right, and
that no one else can love you the way that she does.

¢ The Perfectionist — Nothing you do will ever be good
enough for the Perfectionist. Perform seven impossible things
before breakfast, and he'll be screaming at you for not having
pulled off eight. Any imperfection can serve as a launching
point for a tirade; any flaw will be a magnet for withering
sarcasm. By playing up your inevitable errors, the Perfection-
ist inspires your self-hatred and saps your confidence in your
own abilities. Then, once your confidence is shot, he'll be
more than happy to step in and show you how to do things
right. If you had any sense at all, you'd turn things over to him
permanently and make sure that everything got done prop-
erly the first time. It's not like you're capable of it, after all.

When in control, the Perfectionist will take every ex-
ample to criticize whatever or whoever catches his eye. He'll
also take the opportunity to embroil you in impossible sce-
narios, anxiously awaiting your inevitable failure. Still, at least
he doesn't play favorites. When everyone around him is
equally flawed, one target's as good as the next.

© The Pusher — The Pusher will always be glad to help
you achieve the impossible. He wants you to think of him as a
friend, a friend you can always ask for help. Of course, the price
for the Pusher's help is always too high, and if you don't pay, he'll
extract it with interest. Every so often when you're counting on
him, he'll decide that you need to appreciate him more, and
he'll withhold that support you were counting on so desperately.

When the Pusher is in charge, he'll do everything he can
to put you in situations you'll need his help to escape. The
quicker he can make you rack up a debt to him, the happier he
is. Then again, an unhappy Pusher can be unpleasant indeed...

¢ The Rationalist — The Rationalist will give you all of the
right reasons for all of the wrong decisions. Calmly leading you down.
the path to Oblivion, it offers rationales and explanations for why
you should do what it says. It offers proofs for the wisdom of every-
thing it tells you, making all of its suggestions seem so sensible. The
more you argue, the tighter its bonds of logic become, and the more

foolish you feel for resisting. In many ways the Rationalist is simi-
lar to the Director, but without the Director's personal involve-
ment. As far as the Rationalist is concerned, sending the Psyche
to Oblivion is an intellectual exercise, albeit a challenging one.
When dominant, the Rationalist takes precise, well-or-
dered steps toward the Void. It will sabotage your long-range
plans and set in motion ones that superficially look better; it
will systematically make you enemies and alienate or eliminate
your friends. There's no sense in taking one's time giving in to 4
Oblivion, is there, when it's assured of winning in the end? /
The Rationalist is just making the surrender more efficient.

Step Two: Angst

Just as Pathos fuels a wraith, Angst powers her Shadow. ||;
A wraith's Angst rating is indicative of the amount of nega- \
tive emotional energy she is carrying around with her. Angst
is the measure of a wraith's fear, pain and alienation, and the
more of these counterproductive energies a wraith harbors,
the higher her Angst score is. The higher the Angst score, of
course, the more powerful the Shadow is.

A wraith's permanent Angst score always starts less than or
equal to her permanent Willpower score. To determine a Shadow's
starting Angst, roll a number of dice equivalent to the wraith's
Willpower against difficulty 6. The number of successes indi-
cates the number of permanent Angst points the wraith starts
play with. For purposes of this roll only, "1s" do not cancel out
successes, and every wraith must start play with at least one point
of permanent Angst. Wraiths without permanent Angst imme-
diately Transcend, leading to very short chronicles.

Like Willpower, Angst can be spent (by the Shadow only)
in order to achieve automatic successes. Unlike Willpower,
however, temporary Angst can exceed its permanent rating, up
to a maximum of 10. When a wraith's temporary Angst ex-
ceeds her Willpower, the Shadow can attempt to usurp control
of the Corpus by means of a Catharsis roll (see page 176). On
the other hand, the Shadow can elect to keep stockpiling tem- 4)
porary Angst. When temporary Angst reaches 10, the Shadow |
immediately trades it in for another point of permanent Angst.
When permanent Angst reaches 10, the Shadow assumes com-
mand permanently, and the wraith becomes a Spectre. Of
course, the change may not always be obvious to her friends...

Temporary Angst ratings tend to vary wildly during play.
Shadows use Angst to power their special abilities, called Thorns,
and can expend vast amounts of energy in their war against the
Psyche. On the other hand, a great many Arcanoi give their
wielders temporary Angst, and all Shadows have Dark Passions
which can be fed as well. It is up to the Shadowguide to keep
track of how much temporary Angst a wraith has, and to con-
vert it to permanent form if necessary. It is also the Shadowguide's
responsibility to call for Catharsis rolls when appropriate. A wraith
should never know quite how strong her Shadow is, after all; the
uncertainty is part of what keeps life interesting.

Chapter Six: The Shadow 169


Step Three: Dark Passions

Just as a wraith has Passions, her dark side has Dark Passions.
These function in roughly the same manner that Passions do, feed-
ing the Shadow instead of the Psyche. Each Dark Passion should
be phrased in the same way a Passion is, with a brief imperative
description of the Dark Passion and its core emotion following in
parentheses. Each Dark Passion also has a rating to indicate how
strong the obsession is. For example, a wraith who was a frus-
trated artist in life might have the Dark Passion Destroy works
of art better than those I could have made (Envy) 3. Dark
Passions often reverse a wraith's regular Passions, driving the
Shadow to hurt those the Psyche wants to protect, etc. On the
other hand, some Dark Passions can parallel normal Passions,
and many have nothing to do with a wraith's Passions at all.

Dark Passions can be increased during the freebie points sec-
tion of Shadow creation, but each wraith starts with seven points.

Creating Dark Passions

One of the most difficult aspects of creating a
Shadow is coming up with appropriate Dark Pas-
sions. Often, it's enough to take a wraith's normal
Passions and invert them. A wraith whose I
sion is Protect my wife (Love) 5 might well hav
a Dark Passion of Destroy my wife (Hate) 4 to
reflect both that the Psyche is stronger than the
Shadow, and that the Shadow usually wishes to
counter the Psyche's desires on general princip|

On the other hand, not all Dark Passions
are linked directly to Passions. A Dark
based around the emotion Self-Hatred, for ex-
ample, could be Dive into a Nihil (Self-Ha-
tred) 2, while
simply be Cause random destruction (Rage)
3. Other emotions that commonly serve as the
Envy, Lust,

‘assion

aR based Dark Passion could

core for Dark Passions inclu
Twisted Love, Greed, Hate and

Some Dark Passions stem instead from what
A wraith skilled in Argos might
have a Dark Passion that reads Lose people in the
Tempest (Hate) 3. An Artificer could havea Dark
all of my Circlemates
(Greed) 3. In the end, the most important thing
is to draw an emotion that the character is likely
to feel and suppress, and a logical action for them

ear.

the character doe

Passion like Soulforg:

to take in connection to this emotion.

170 Wraith: The Oblivion

Step Four: Freebie Points

When the basics of Shadow creation are finished, there
are still 10 freebie points left with which you can round out
your Shadow's personality and abilities. Freebies can purchase
additional Angst (permanent or temporary), new or stronger
Dark Passions, or special abilities Shadows have, called
Thorns

her permanent Willpower score at the start of play, but tem-

A wraith's permanent Angst score can never exceed

porary Angst can be bought up to nine. Furthermore, while
additional dots in Dark Passions can be purchased with free-
bies, the number of dots in Dark Passions can never exceed
the number of dots a wraith has in her regular Passions.

Thoms

Thorns are certain, unique powers the Shadow has at
its disposal. These range from minor tricks to potent abili-
ties that can threaten a wraith's very existence, and their
use is entirely up to the Shadowguide. The Shadow can
also use Thorns (when applicable) during Catharsis.

Spectre Prestige: 1 point/level — Many Spectres have
the ability to communicate with wraiths' Shadows. Shad-
ows with this Thorn have garnered the respect of the
Shadow-Eaten, and will be treated accordingly.

Dark Allies: 1 point/level — A Shadow with Dark Al-
lies regularly communicates and plots with Spectres, and can
call on them for aid.

Tainted Relic: 1 point/level — This is a relic that only
manifests during Catharsis, and the number of points indi-
cates its potence. A Tainted Relic will always manifest
when the Shadow does, even if it has been "lost" or "de-
stroyed." A wraith's Tainted Relic will always have some
significance to him, even if he doesn't admit it.

Infamy: 1 point/level — Memoriam for the Shadow,
Infamy is the measure of how much fear and loathing the
wraith still inspires in the living. Just as Pathos can accu-
mulate for the Psyche, Angst can collect for the Shadow.

Every time a wraith with Infamy falls into Slumber, the
Shadowguide rolls one point for each point of the Thorn
possessed. The difficulty on this roll is 6, and each success
gives the Shadow a point of temporary Angst. Botches re-

move temporary Angst, and just might cause the living to
think more kindly of the wraith...

Permanent Angst — 5 points per dot
Temporary Angst — 2 points per dot
1 point per dot

— Variable

Dark Passions

orns

9) 4p

No more than five points of Infamy can be taken, and
an Infamous wraith had best be prepared to deal with the
consequences of the hatred of the living.

Death's Sigil: 1 to 3 points — Death's Sigil is a promi-
nent sign of Oblivion's touch on a character that mani-
fests no matter where she goes. Each Sigil is unique; one
wraith might have wings of choking smoke, another might
leave footprints of sea water in the Skinlands, and a third
could exude the odor of a charnel house. This Thorn natu-
rally makes a wraith very distinctive, with all of the ad-
vantages and disadvantages this offers. Only by spending a
Willpower point can a wraith turn off the effects of this
Thorn for a scene.

The more points put into the Thorn, the more pro-
nounced its effect is. A one-point Sigil might not be that
noticeable, while the three-point version could go so far as
to alter the effects of the wraith's Arcanoi.

Shadow Traits: 2 points — The Shadow can purchase
one dot of any Attribute or Ability, but these extra points
are only available during Catharsis. This Thorn can be pur-

chased as many times as freebie points permit during -
Shadow creation.

Aura of Corruption: 2 points — Through this
Thorn's effects, the Shadow somehow defiles the wraith's
presentation of herself, making her presence unpleasant
to other wraiths. The effect of Aura of Corruption is gen-
erally not grotesque; instead it is subtly disturbing. In-
deed, it may have no overt impact, merely serving to make
others uncomfortable.

If a wraith has Aura of Corruption, all difficulties on so-
cial interaction rolls are raised by + 2. This Thorn can be
purchased only once.

Shadow Call: 2 points — Shadow Call allows a
wraith's Shadow to summon nearby Spectres. This Thorn
can only be used when a wraith is in the Tempest or stand-
ing at the mouth of a Nihil, otherwise it has no effect. The
Shadow Call is audible on the edge of a wraith's conscious-
ness as a thin, piercing shriek; in time most wraiths will
come to recognize its significance.

To make a Shadow Call, the Shadowguide spends a
temporary Angst point and rolls against his permanent
Angst score (difficulty 7). The number of successes indi-
cates the number of Spectres summoned, however, the type
of Spectre that answers the Shadow Call is entirely up to
the Storyteller.

Pact of Doom: 3 points — This Thorn is the apocry-
phal deal with the devil. If a wraith has this Thorn, she
and her Shadow can negotiate a pact by means of which
the Shadow will teach her a predetermined number of lev-
els in an Arcanos. In exchange, the Shadow acquires per-
manent Angst equivalent to the number of levels taught.
The terms of the Pact must be agreed upon by both Psyche
and Shadow, as the arrangement is entirely consensual.


The knowledge that the Shadow imparts under this
Thorn comes from the vast Spectral hive-mind, and does
not reflect the knowledge of the Shadow itself. Only Shad-
ows with Pact of Doom can access this knowledge, and only
when empowered by a Pact. At no other time can a Shadow
call to the hive-mind for this sort of knowledge or power.

Trick of the Light: 3 points — By using this Thorn,
the Shadow subtly alters the Psyche's perception of the scene.
When the Thorn is invoked (at a cost of one temporary
Angst per scene), the Shadowguide should inform the Sto-
ryteller what exactly the wraith perceives. The Storyteller
then relays this to the player.

Trick of the Light is not limited to sight, and any of the
other senses can be affected by its use. However, only one
sense can be affected per scene.

Bad Luck: 3 points — For each Angst point a Shadow
with Bad Luck spends, the wraith's player is forced to re-roll
one die (Shadowguide's choice). The use of Bad Luck does
not have to be announced until after the original roll has
been made.

Shadowed Face: 3 points — With this Thorn, the
Shadow completely changes its Psyche's appearance when
it takes over. Shadowed Face allows the Shadow to have
one other visage (not a variety), which can be either known
or unknown to the wraith's associates.

For an additional freebie point, the Shadow can have
the option of assuming the Shadowed Face or retaining the
wraith's original appearance during Catharsis.

Tainted Touch: 4 points — This Thorn makes a wraith
something of a Typhoid Mary among the Restless. When
afflicted with Tainted Touch, a wraith spreads Oblivion with
the brush of a finger.

Whenever a wraith with Tainted Touch comes in con-
tact with another wraith's Corpus, he must roll three dice
(difficulty 6). The number of successes equals the number
of temporary Angst points that the victim takes. However,
the victim can make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to re-
sist, and every success on this roll cancels one of the

offender's successes.

A wraith with Tainted Touch can spend a Willpower
point to turn the effect off for a scene.

Shadowplay: 5 points — Shadowplay allows a wraith
who has used up all of his actions during a turn to get an-
other one, but at a cost. If the Shadow offers, the wraith
can take an additional action, but he loses a point of Pa-
thos and gains a point of Angst. The wraith cannot ask for
the additional action; the decision as to whether or not it's
available is entirely up to the Shadowguide.

While the cost of activating this Thorn is deceptively
low, a wraith who comes to rely upon it can feed her
Shadow's strength very quickly, and also can find herself
in dire straits when the extra action she was counting on
isn't forthcoming in a crisis.

Shadow Familiar: 5 points — While the Shadow stays
within a wraith's consciousness, a Shadow Familiar can serve
as its eyes, ears and feet. A minor servant of Oblivion, the
Shadow Familiar remains in constant contact with the
Shadow and feeds it information and suggestions. Shadow
Familiars can come in any form, but all are both small and
harmless. If threatened, a Shadow Familiar will run away; if
attacked, it will dive into the Tempest.

If a wraith's Shadow Familiar is destroyed, another one
will arrive within a week to take its place. However, this
one will be considerably more circumspect in its dealings
with the Shadow, as even creatures of Oblivion have a sense
of self-preservation. Most Shadow Familiars take the form
of ravens, rats or other creatures of the carrion heap.

Freudian Slip: 5 points — At the cost of one Angst
point, the Shadow can force a wraith to make a sudden,
involuntary action or make a quick, unedited statement.
Freudian Slip can also be used to put an unbidden thought
into a wraith's mind. To resist this Thorn, the wraith must
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7). Two successes are nec-
essary to counter the effects of Freudian Slip.

Shadow Life: 5 points — Whenever a wraith with this
Thorn Slumbers, his Shadow takes control of their shared
Corpus and sets out to do its worst. This will lead to no end
of trouble for the Psyche, as he will constantly find himself
encountering situations his Shadow has created and people
whom his Shadow has wronged. Of course, all of the blame
for the Shadow's actions will land squarely on the Psyche.

Wraiths with this Thorn are aware that their Shadows
do get up and walk around, but have no way of knowing what
precisely their dark halves do.

If characters wish, they can invest an additional freebie
point in this Thorn and have their characters be unaware of
their Shadow Life.

The player, not the Shadowguide, controls the character
while Shadow Life is active.

Devil's Dare: 7 points — Devil's Dare is the emotional
equivalent of a game of "chicken." To use this Thorn, the
Shadowguide invests a number of temporary Angst points
(marked off immediately) and writes down something that
she dares the Psyche to do before the end of the session.
The difficulty of the dare determines the cost, and if a player
feels that the number is excessive, she can petition her Sto-
ryteller to have it lowered.

The dare itself consists of an action that the Shadow
is daring the Psyche to take. It must be within the wraith's
capabilities to perform; (i-e., "Tell the Centurion off to his
face" would be acceptable while "Map the Labyrinth" would
not) and an impossible dare simply loses the invested Angst.
If, by the end of the session, the dared Psyche has not man-
aged to work the dare into her actions, she loses a number
of temporary Willpower points equal to the number of
Angst points invested in the dare.

Example 0 Salon Gein

In the darkness the shadows move

In the darkness the game is real

— Richard Thompson, "Shoot Out the Lights"
pw) he Shadow Archetype that immediately
leaps out at Annys for Robin is the Per-
fectionist. This Shadow is Robin's Critic
Nature with no restraint and no qualms;
the same intelligence that searches out
ye hidden flaws can also relentlessly exploit
buried fears.

To establish Robin's Angst rating, Joshua rolls seven
dice (equal to Robin's Willpower). Against the difficulty
of 6, he comes up with five successes; the Shadow will ¢
start out with five permanent Angst points. Next, Annys
talks about potential Dark Passions with David, who's
going to control Robin's Shadow. Robin's most obvious
weakness is his paranoia about his series of affairs with
students. Therefore, Annys and David conclude that the
Shadow will do its best not only to get Robin's secret out
in the open (while constantly assuring him that of course
he can and must keep it hidden), but also to reinforce his
sense of remorse over his repeated losses of control. Joshua
distills that into Ruin Robin's reputation among the liv-
ing (Self-Loathing), and assigns it a rating of 3. David
then suggests that whereas Robin wanted to demonstrate
his superiority to his fellow scholars, the Shadow would
rather reach out to destroy all rivals. This produces a Dark
Passion of Hurt competing scholars (Hate), with a rat-
ing of 2. After a little more joint brainstorming, Annys
puts the last two points into Ruin Robin's protégé's ca-
reer (Jealousy). After all, to the Shadow's way of think-
ing it's not fair she lived while Robin died.

With the 10 freebie points allotted for the Shadow's 4)f

Traits, Annys first purchases Pact of Doom. Robin's eager-
ness to expand his areas of knowledge makes him particu-
larly vulnerable to this Thorn. She spends three more points |
on the Trick of the Light Thorn, knowing how heavily
Robin relies on his behavioral observations. David then
encourages her to put two points into a Dark Passion op-
posing Robin's desire to safeguard his beloved copy of
Holinshed. Annys does this, deciding on the Dark Passion
Destroy Robin's favorite book (Spite) 2. With the two
points she has left, Annys gives the Shadow one dot of
Temporary Angst. Robin's Shadow is now effectively com-
plete. Annys, David and Joshua then continue to discuss
both the character and the Shadow until all three of them
are sure that they understand the interaction of Robin's
two personae and are comfortable with the roles that each
of them will play.

Chapter Sir: Te Shadow 13


eral

Psyche: zensin
Shadowguide Player: Zax

The wretched are the faithful; 'tis their fate

To have all feeling, save the one, decay,

And every passion into one dilate,

As rapid rivers into ocean pour;

But ours is fathomless, and hath no shore.

—George Gordon, Lord Byron, The Lament of Tasso
ngst embodies the inner torment of unful-
filled passions, self-doubt, guilt and unfin-
ished business — all the things that result
in the formation of a wraith. It is the night-
mare that hovers on the edge of dreams,
the devouring worm of defeat that eats
away at hopes and desires, the unimagin-
able doom that lurks just around the corner. In short, Angst is
the mind's own bogeyman, always ready to spoil the party. It is
the negative energy that drives a soul toward self-destruction.
Just as the Psyche thrives on Willpower, the Shadow needs
Angst to power its ambitions. Because of this need, a wraith's
Shadow is ever on the alert for opportunities to garner Angst.

Wraith: The Oblivion

Psyche Willpower

@eeeeeee000

onliyier

Ad oY

A re h iC { y p es Perfectionist

Dark Passions
Ruin Robin's reputation OOO00O0

in the Beginning

A wraith's initial Angst rating is determined during the
generation of her Shadow. This score represents the number
of permanent points of Angst a new wraith character pos-
sesses, and also indicates the relative strength of the character's
Shadow. During the course of play, a character's Angst rating
may increase or decrease in response to the events of a story
and the actions of the character (or her Shadow).

There are two kinds of Angst: temporary and permanent.
Unlike most Traits, a Shadow's temporary Angst score may
exceed its permanent rating, up to a maximum of 10 points.
When a Shadow has accumulated 10 points of temporary
Angst, it may trade these points for one point of permanent
Angst, thus increasing its own strength.

The player of a wraith character should never know for
certain how many points of Angst her Shadow possesses. Ei-
ther the Storyteller or the player's Shadowguide should keep
track of a wraith's Angst. A Storyteller may give a player vague
hints as to how powerful her Shadow is, but the exact Angst
rating should not be given out. This reflects the uncertainty
of a wraith's tenuous existence on the borders of Oblivion
and her ignorance of just how powerful her dark side really is.

qhe Pitfalls of

Angst symbolizes the power of Oblivion working within
a wraith. The more Angst a character possesses, the stronger
her Shadow grows and the easier it is for the Shadow to as-
sume control of her actions. Since the Shadow's ultimate goal
is nothing less than the destruction of the pesky Psyche which
prevents it from fulfilling its darkest desires, it will attempt to
place the Psyche in situations that offer high Angst poten-
tial. Because a Shadow uses Angst to power its activities, the
more times it can force the Psyche to compromise itself, the
more Angst the Shadow garners and the easier it is for the
Shadow to work its will.

Acquiring Angst

The continual torment of life in the Shadowlands makes
acquiring Angst inevitable, and opportunities for doing so are
numerous. The natural condition of a wraith character's exist-
ence embodies internal conflict, and it is this inner war that
results in the consistent accumulation of Angst. A wraith char-
acter may gain Angst in one of several ways. Unless otherwise
specified, all Angst gained is temporary Angst, which remains
until spent or until converted into permanent Angst points.

© Arcanoi: The use of certain Arcanoi by a Psyche-
controlled character automatically results in the accumula-
tion of either temporary or permanent Angst (see Chapter
5). For example, a wraith who uses Castigate * (Coax) to
acquire additional dice from her Shadow gains a point of
temporary Angst each time s ses this Arcanos. Likewise,
a wraith who uses Puppetry (Obliterate the Soul) to
permanently possess a living human runs the risk of drasti-
cally increasing her Angst rating due to the exploitative and
inhumane nature of the action.

Note: If the Shadow dominates a character when
these Arcanoi are used, however, the Angst that would
normally be gained is, instead, deducted from the
Shadow's current Angst rating.

Harrowing and Anes

A wraith who survives a Destruction Har
rowing may receive a reduction in temporary
Angst as a reward for good roleplaying or clever
handling of her situation. This reflects the in
creased confidence and sense of relief experi
enced by emerging victorious from a situation
which threatens the character's very existence
Because a wraith rarely goes looking for an of

it should

portunity to experience a Harrowir

not be considered as a natural way to lose Angst

* Shadow Dice: In critical situations, a wraith's Shadow
can offer her Psyche extra dice to increase the chances of suc-
cessfully accomplishing some action. Each one on those
Shadow Dice results in one point of temporary Angst. The
Shadow can offer up to five extra dice to any single roll.

© Shadow Passions: When the Shadow indulges its own
Passions, a character's Angst score may increase. A roll against
the appropriate Dark Passion (difficulty 7) results in the ad-
dition of one point of temporary Angst for every success. For
example, if Morgan's Shadow has the Dark Passion Acquire
as many relics as possible (Greed), when Morgan looks a
little too enviously at his friend Sascha's relic knife, Morgan's
Shadowguide would be free to make a Dark Passion roll. Note
that in this case, however, Morgan is acting greedily of his
own volition, and not because the Shadow forced him to.

The Shadow may also attempt to impose on someone else
an emotion that powers one of its own Dark Passions (difficulty
9), gaining one point of temporary Angst per success. If Morgan's
Shadow pestered him into ogling Sascha's knife against his bet-
ter judgment, then this sort of Dark Passion roll could be made.

* Storyteller Discretion: The Angst rating of a charac-
ter should also reflect the ongoing struggle to deal with the
external and internal torment of wraithly existence in ways
that are not as clearly defined by a system of rules. Roleplaying
scenes in which a character confronts doubts, fears or exter-
nal dangers may warrant "awarding" a point of temporary
Angst to the character by the Storyteller. The player must
agree that such an increase in Angst is appropriate to the situ-
ation, since such a decision is not determined by the result of
a roll but is, instead, achieved through mutual consent.

Losing Angst

Gaining Angst is easy; losing it is hard, but not impos-
sible. There are a number of ways in which a Shadow can lose
Angst (usually at the instigation of the Psyche):

* Botching a roll when the Shadow is dominant: Shad-
ows hate failure. A botch on any roll made by a Shadow-
dominated character results in the loss of one point of tempo-
rary Angst per one rolled above the number of successes.

© Castigation: Once the exclusive province of the Pardon-
ers Guild, this Arcanos is specifically geared toward the reduc-
tion of Angst. Unless a wraith possesses Castigate ¢ ¢¢ ® © (Defi-
ance), however, she may not use this Arcanos on herself, but
must seek out another character to perform the appropriate ritu-
als or actions necessary to rid her Shadow of some of its Angst.
In the Shadowlands, confession really is good for the soul.

© Shadow-dominated use of certain Arcanoi: Some
Arcanoi automatically increase a character's Angst. Use of
these Arcanoi when the Shadow is dominant, however, causes
the amount of Angst that would normally be gained to be lost
instead. Similarly, when a Shadow-dominated character fails
or botches a roll involving any Arcanoi, Angst is lost rather
than gained.

175

Chapter Six: The Shadow


The following actions may lead to the accu-
mulation of Angst by a wraith character. In some
cases, performing certain activities automatically
results in increasing a wraith's temporary or per-
manent Angst. In others, a roll determines
whether or not Angst is gained.

¢ Being forced into an action that contra-
dicts a personal code of morality or honor.

ok

of inner turmoil or external helplessness.

periencing a situation that arouses a state
© Failure to succeed in accomplishing vital task
© Inaction due to indecision ata critical moment.
¢ Involuntary destruction of a Fetter
Loss of a Passion through neglect.
¢ Making a decision that later proves to be
disastrous.
¢ Using Arcanoi that cause an increase in Angst

Note: Losing Angst in this fashion is never intentional.
It is up to the Storyteller to monitor carefully those situations
in which a Shadow-controlled character seeks to use an
Arcanos in order to make certain that the action is not pri-
marily directed toward the possible reduction of Angst.

© Storyteller Discretion: When a character is making a

serious effort to rid herself of unwanted Angst, the Storyteller

may decide to reduce the character's temporary or permanent
Angst rating in response to good roleplaying. This kind of
reward should be used sparingly, so as not to devalue the dif-
ficulty of losing Angst. As usual in situations that do not in-

volve dice rolls, this should be a mutual agreement between

player and Storyteller.

Catharsis

Sometimes a wraith's Psyche is not strong

enough to sus-
tain the continual battle against her darker impulses or her
will to self-destruction. Oblivion's temptations are many and
subtle, offering a wraith release from the perpetual torment of
her existence in the Shadowlands. When a wraith's tenuous
hold on her higher self (her Psyche) begins to weaken, the
SI

adow is quick to take advantage.

Whenever a Shadow's temporary Angst rating exceeds

her Psyche's permanent Willpower, the Shadow may attempt
to seize control. If the Shadow is successful, it assumes con-
trol over the actions of the character. Although the player
continues to run her character, she must now conform to the

nature and motivations of her wraith's Shadow.

Roll: In order for the Shadow to take control

of a character, the Shadow and the Psyche face off against one
another. The Shadow spends a point of temporary Angst and rolls
on her adjusted temporary Angst rating. The Psyche may resist by
rolling her permanent Willpower, plus any Eidolon dice she may
possess (see "Eidolon", page 129). The difficulty for both rolls
is 6, and the side with the higher number of successes gains (or,
in the case of the Psyche, retains) control of the character. If the
Shadow succeeds in seizing control, it dominates the wraith's
over attempt. Af-

actions for the entire scene following the
terward, control of the wraith reverts to the Psyche.

While the Shadow is dominant, it may pursue any of its
own ends without interference from its Psyche (the character's
normal personality). The Shadow may seek to fulfill its Dark
Passions, making use of its Psyche's Arcanoi in addition to its
own Thorns. Its actions will not result in gaining Pathos for
its Psyche, although it must use the Psyche's Pathos to power
any Arcanoi it uses. It cannot, however, expend Willpower,

nor may it reduce the character's Pathos below 1.

When the Shadow is in control, it may attempt to keep its
actions secret from the Psyche. A wraith can only attempt to

resist this effect by rolling her Eidolon dice against difficulty 7,
assuming that she has any. Wraiths who do not possess Eidolon
or who have used up their Eidolon dice for a session do not get to
make any sort of resistance roll, and they (along with any wraiths
who fail their Eidolon roll) will often find themselves haunted

later by the actions taken by their Shadows during Catharsis.

A Suggestion...

Some troupes may W

te hadc Ww guide of a character undergoing ( Jathar
sis involved in the action, even after the
Shadow has assumed control. In this instance,
that while a
player the
Shadowguide take the part of the subduec
Psyche and offer that part of the character's
ts.

aracter's regular
Shadow,

It Is suggeste

is the

portraying

perspec tive on eve

A Psyche involved in this manner can not
offer "Psyche Dice," nor can it do anything but
However, this
Shadowguide to remain a part of the action.
e of playing the Psyche, even

advise. does allow the
Plus, the experie
under such difficult circumstances, will aid in
the Shadowguide's understanding of the char-
acter she is trying to subvert.

This is by no means a mandatory rule, and is

recommended only for advanced Wraith troupes.

Look, we two together must bear

piecework and parts, as if they were

the whole. But be careful. Above all,

don't plant me inside your heart. I'd outgrow you.
But I will guide my master's hand and will s
Here. This is Esau beneath his pelt.

— Rainer Maria Rilke, The Sonnets To Orpheus (XVI)
he existence of the Shadow personalizes
| the lure of Oblivion for every wraith. This
constant temptation to surrender to the

inner darkness is made immediate
through the use of a Shadowguide, who
controls a wraith's Shadow independently
of the player of the wraith's Psyche. It is

this conflict between Psyche and Shadow that forms the
heart of a Wraith game, and which sets up innumerable op-
portunities for uniquely intense storytelling experiences.
Usually, during a Wraith game, a player will play not
only her character's Psyche but will also "guide" the Shadow
of another player. Acting as a Shadowguide places a great
responsibility on a player, since she will, in effect, share in
the Storyteller's ability to direct the course of a Wraith story.

‘ <

Playing a Shadowguide

And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

— Genesis 3: 13

Just as a wraith's Psyche strives toward a personal goal,
her Shadow also seeks to achieve its own ends. For most
Shadows, this involves the destruction of the Psyche and
the ultimate union with Oblivion. The Shadow has a num-
ber of means at its disposal to accomplish its tasks, but some
of these are ble only when it is in control of the
wraith. To gain control, the Shadow must strive to weaken
the Psyche. A favorite way of doing this is by tempting the
Psyche, undermining it with suggestions that will lead it
into situations favorable to the Shadow. Providing this un-
dercurrent of seduction is one of the most important func-
tions of the Shadowguide.

Responsibilities

In order to play a Shadowguide successfully, a player must
be familiar with the Shadow she controls and, to a lesser ex-
tent, with the general motivations of the Shadow's Psyche.
Although a Shadowguide need not know every detail of her
Psyche's character, she should at least have some working knowl-
edge of that wraith's primary motivations, Abilities, Arcanoi,
Passions and Fetters. The Shadow's character sheet will pro-

vide the nec
the Shadow as well as its current Angst rating. During the course
of play, as a Shadow's Angst rating increases or decreases, the
Shadowguide must keep track of these changes.

ry information on the powers and abilities of

Besides recording the fluctuations of a Shadow's Angst,
a Shadowguide also needs to play the role of tempter, em-
bodying the dark desires and self-destructive impulses bur-
ied beneath the Psyche of the wraith.

At appropriate times during the game, the Shadowguide
may announce that she is attempting to take control of the
Psyche by means of a Catharsis roll. If the Catharsis roll
succeeds and the Shadow dominates the wraith character,
the control of the character remains in the hands of her origi-
nal player (not the Shadowguide). The player, however, must
see that her character behaves in accordance with the na-
ture of her Shadow, even if this means that the character
takes actions its Psyche would not normally permit. Al-
though the Shadowguide does not control the Psyche dur-
ing periods of Catharsis, she should be allowed to advise the
Psyche's player on how best to play the Shadow. The
Shadowguide is, after all, intimately familiar with the
Shadow's motivations. The Storyteller may want to act as a

mediator to make certain that the Shadowguide does not
use her advisory capacity to undermine the ability of the
Psyche's player to control her character's actions.

A Matter of Trust

It is recommended that at the beginning

of each session, player and Shadowguide sit
down fora few minutes to discuss the char-
acter the Shadowguide will be tempting
ilk at this, fearing that

by sharing the secrets of their character

Some players may
with their Shadowguide, they are also giv-
ing the Shadowguide's character an unfair
advantage in the form of knowledge of their
Passions and Fetters.

While unscrupulous players may tak
formation they learn out of character (i.e., as
Shadowguide) and let their regular charac-
ters use it, Wraith players should be mature
enough to separate what they know from what
their characters know, and to trust their fel-
or cheat. If

low players not to "metagam
you can trust your fellow players to report
their dice rolls honestly and create their char-
acter honestly, you should be able to trust

them to keep your character's secrets.

Techniques

A Shadowguide interacts with the wraith whose Shadow
she controls by making suggestions during play, offering advice
or courses of action that will further the Shadow's own ends
while seeming to assist the Psyche in accomplishing its goals.

Since the Shadowguide will also, in most cases, also be
playing a wraith (whose Shadow is, in turn, controlled by an-
other player), she must be careful to use different voices or tones
of voice for each persona. Using a whisper to signify the voice
of the Shadow will make it clear that it is the Shadow and not
the player's own character who is speaking. It is also possible to
make or buy a mask representing the Shadow, so that when a
Shadowguide wishes to speak, she can hold the mask in front
of her face as a visible sign that she is acting as such.

Although the Shadow is a constant presence within each
wraith, it is not always active. Sometimes a Shadow simply
watches the actions of her Psyche, waiting for the opportune
moment in which to act. A Shadowguide need not constantly
interact with her Shadow's Psyche. In fact, a constant bar-
rage of suggestions and temptations can weaken the effec-
tiveness of the Shadow's discourse, inuring the Psyche to its
lures. The most effective Shadow is one that strikes without
warning, biding its time until the perfect moment to make an
offer its Psyche can't refuse.

Temptations

Unfortunately, it is all too easy for a Shadowguide to over-
play her role. When a Shadowguide's "inner voice" becomes
so frequent that it prevents the Psyche's player from partici-
pating in the events around her, the story inevitably suffers.
In addition, the player who finds herself constantly stepped
on by her Shadowguide will lose enjoyment in the game.

Wraith is a multi-faceted game that necessitates a high
degree of cooperation from everyone involved. Not only must
the Storyteller be prepared to deal with players who have taken
on dual roles (those of their own wraiths and of other players'
Shadows), the players must be sensitive as well to the poten-
tials for abuse that arise from their limited power over other
players' characters.

Ideally, each player should possess the maturity to al-
low other players an equal degree of participation in the
game. Knowing when another player (as opposed to the
player's character) is feeling overwhelmed by her
Shadowguide is a skill that must be encouraged in order for
a Wraith game to succeed on all levels. Sometimes, during
play, it becomes difficult to differentiate between the player
and her character, but this difference is critical to maintain
in a Wraith chronicle.

Shadowguides must take care to direct their comments
as the Shadow to the character whose Psyche they control —
not the player of that character. Otherwise, personal prob-
lems can arise between players, leading not only to the ero-

178

sion of the game but to bad feelings between players as well.
Because Wraith emphasizes horror, it often touches upon fears
that lie very close to individual players, as opposed to their
characters. Many players design their characters using cer-
tain aspects of their own personalities. It is common for a
player who has a fear of falling to transfer that fear to her
character's personality as well. When a wraith confronts her
Shadow, she confronts her deepest fears. If these fears reflect
those of the player, the Shadowguide may inadvertently arouse
feelings of anxiety (or Angst) in the player when she actually
intends only to affect the character.

Roleplaying games are intended to be enjoyable pastimes.
They may involve personal growth as players deal with un-
usual situations or conflicts in a "safe" environment, but they
are not meant to provide therapy. Anytime a player (not a
character) feels threatened by her Shadowguide, she should
indicate to her Shadowguide that she is having a problem. If
this is not enough to make the Shadowguide tone down his
assault on her character's Psyche or change the direction of
his suggestions to one that is easier for the player of the Psyche
to handle, it is time for the Storyteller to intervene.

Who s in Charge

The faceless watcher, he makes me uneasy

I can feel him through the floorboards and his presence is creepy

He informs me that I shall be expelled

— Peter Hammill, "A Louse is Not a Home"

Even though Wraith players have a greater ability to in-
fluence the story than players in many other roleplaying games,
the final responsibility for maintaining control of the game
rests with the Storyteller. This is particularly important when
dealing with excessive behavior on the part of a Shadowguide.

Storytellers have many techniques at their disposal for
regaining control of a game that has gotten out of hand. In a
Wraith game, where each player counts as two characters,
insisting on some standards of common courtesy will help to
keep players from stepping on each others' toes. Allowing only
one person to speak at a time (including the Storyteller) will
go a long way toward preventing a multi-player game from
descending into total confusion.

It is also helpful if everyone involved in a Wraith game
understands that they (through their characters) are partici-
pating in the creation of a story, and that it is the story itself
that provides the framework within which their characters
will interact with each other, with their Shadows, and with
any Storyteller-controlled characters they may encounter. In
the best of all possible worlds, the Storyteller and her players
are able to appreciate the external structure of a story and to
recognize each character's place in that story while at the same
time getting involved in the drama and emotional intensity
of the story's events. The most enjoyable games provide the
unique opportunity to be both actor and spectator.

| tadvig| the tad

When a Shadowguide exceeds the boundaries of her re-
sponsibilities or becomes a nuisance to the player of her
Shadow's wraith character, to another player or to the Story-
teller, the Storyteller needs to take steps to bring the erring
player into line.

The first step is to point out to the player that she is
causing a problem. This should be done privately, if pos-
sible, so as not to cause embarrassment to anyone. If this
does not solve the problem, a public (but polite) sugges-
tion to the hyperactive Shadowguide to "back off" may
be in order. Reminding the troupe as a whole that the
story is supposed to focus primarily on their wraith char-
acters and not on their Shadows may also be effective at
catching current as well as potential Shadow-offenders.
Limiting the number of times during a given storytelling
session in which a Shadowguide may attempt to commu-
nicate with her Psyche may force a chatty Shadow to be
more selective.

If all else fails, and the Shadowguide is either unwilling
or unable to amend her behavior, the Storyteller should in-
form the problem Shadowguide that she will take over con-
trol of the Shadow until further notice. This will add an addi-
tional burden to the job of Storytelling, but may prove, in the
long run, to be less troublesome than contending with a
chronic irritant to one of the players.

Alternatively, the Storyteller can attempt to correct the
player's behavior within the context of the game, preserving the
flow of the story and dealing with the problem at the same time.
Comments such as "Your Shadow's constant drone has caused you
so much annoyance that your difficulty to resist its attempt to take
over your Psyche is lowered to 3!" may offer a strong enough hint
to the Shadowguide that her overzealousness is counterproduc-
tive. Distracting the problem Shadowguide by engaging her own
wraith character in a Psyche-threatening situation may also inter-
rupt intrusive back-seat driving. If the Storyteller chooses this course
of action, however, she should be careful that she is not rewarding
the Shadowguide's bad behavior by according extra attention to
the player. Using a Storyteller-controlled character to Castigate
the troublesome Shadow can sometimes weaken itenough to bring
the Shadow (and the Shadowguide) under control.

If none of the above suggestions seems to work and
Shadowguiding continues to be a problem, the Storyteller may
choose to declare a moratorium on all Shadowguiding. Al-
though this may detract from much of the inner conflict vital
to portraying wraithly existence, it may be the only way to
save a game suffering from runaway Shadows.

Storytellers may find it helpful to have a troupe discus-
sion outside of the game session that focuses on how to play
Shadowguides. During this time, any problems between play-
ers may be discussed openly. Sometimes other players, espe-
cially if they have had Storytelling experience, have valuable
suggestions to offer frazzled Storytellers.


Shadowguiding Do s and Don ts

e Avoid annoying the player whose
Shadow you control. Shadow the character,
not the player.

© Choose your opportunities for tempta-

tion carefully. Rather than broadsiding your

Psyche with general enticements, find out
what makes your Shadow's Psyche tick and
exploit those weaknesses at appropriate times.

¢ Don't play your Shadow character at
the expense of your own wraith character
If you find yourself Shadowguiding more
than a quarter of the time, you're short-
changing your own character.

¢ Embarrassing another player is not fun

for anyone. Try to avoid abusing your power

as Shadowguide to cause discomfort to the
player of your Shadow's Psyche.

¢ Find out if the player whose Shadow
you control has a problem dealing with cer
tain topics or phobias, and avoid those when
you are acting as Shadowguide. Do not spoil
the game for another player.

¢ Keep in mind that the Shadow you are
playing is a small part of a larger game, and
try to keep your actions directed to increas-
ing the drama and enjoyment of the game for
yourself and for the other players.

¢ Make sure you differentiate between
your character's voice and that of the Shadow
you are playing.

© Remember that the player of a wraith's
Psyche controls her character regardless of
whether or not the Psyche or the Shadow
is dominant. Do not attempt to play some-
one else's character just because you ar
playing her Shadow

ry to make your Shadow's words and

actions entertaining as well as effective. Oth-

ers are watching what you do.

Wraith: The Oblivion

The Edo andthe Stadn

Wraiths who possess dice in Eidolon enjoy an advantage
in resisting attempts by their Shadows to take control. The
Eidolon represents the Psyche in its purest form, a collection
of all of its virtues and higher purposes. As such, it does not
have a separate persona or character sheet, nor does it nor-
mally communicate directly with a wraith's Psyche. It does,
however, provide a bulwark against the lures of the Shadow,
serving as a spiritual guide for the Psyche and the antithesis
of the Shadow.

Because wraiths are creatures whose imperfections con-
demn them to life in the Shadowlands, the Eidolon's pres-
ence is only dimly perceived. Drawing upon the Eidolon's
power has its limitations; in game, a wraith who p
Eidolon may only use each dot in that Background Trait to

sses

add additional dice to her resistance rolls against takeover by
the Shadow once per session.

In certain circumstances, a Storyteller may elect to per-
sonify the Eidolon, allowing that elusive aspect of a wraith's
character to "appear" briefly to the Psyche. In circumstances
where a wraith has been particularly effective in resisting the
temptations of her Shadow, this glimpse of her higher self
may act as a reward for good roleplaying and may contribute
to the dramatic impact of the story.

Significant achievements in a wraith's struggle to achieve
Transcendence may also be marked by a visitation from the
Eidolon. Such an occurrence, however, will not go unnoticed
by a wraith's Shadow, and it may redouble its efforts to re-
cover lost territory by stepping up its assault on the Psyche.

Playing the Shadow

I will not be driven out of my body...1 will not change souls
with that bullet-ridden lich in the madhouse!

— HP. Lovecraft, "The Thing on the Doorstep"

The ultimate purpose of the Shadowguide is to tempt her
Psyche into surrendering control to the Shadow, thus setting
up a situation in which the player of the Psyche must play her
own worst enemy — her Shadow-ridden character. This hap-
pens when a Psyche loses the Catharsis roll. Although this is
a situation which most players try to avoid, they need to be
aware of the actions their Shadows are likely to take when

the opportunity arises.

qhe Shadow' Arsenal

Dark Passions: During the period in which the Shadow
dominates the character, it may take advantage of its position

in the driver's seat of the soul to improve its situation and

further its own ends. Just as fulfilling Passions enables a wraith
to increase her Pathos, the Shadow may increase its Angst
rating through pursuing its Dark Passions.


"MC »peys Sdoqoereys Jy qJuasal
-dai san1oa ajdyjnui suravy Aq passezey [aay 10U
saop JaAe]d yenplalpuy ue yeyy UyELIAS ayewU 0} [Hy
-9reD aq Os]e IsNUI sIaTJaUAIOIS "s1oAv]d pooudiod
-xoUl JO} JO sadnoy as1e] 10} papuatuwodal JOU
s} i ‘Ajiodoidun auop 41 uoIsnjuos 0} pea] ued
sry ISNBIO "aAas JUDIAYTP ve oAbY qs sJoAvyd
Yoro 90uls ‘MOPRYS oy jo SIP} Auew oui aot
SOUIHIWIOS UBD SIY TL ‘sMOpRYS JUaayip surAeyd
suing ayer oO] woud suljqevua snyy ‘sdojorieyo
oe 21M ayy We jo SMOPPBYS oy quia Auer uey
dWIOS BARY 0} 9UOAIAAD JO} ayqissod aq Aeuwt I
‘sadnouy |peurs uy "yates e uo dn dues, 07 siadeyd
ap |]BSMOTTE susuasuod Aq SupinsMopeys e
"Cnid fo ajGs snp yum ajgqniofaos aq
Pinoys Coys ayn w paajoru siaknyd JV pu "1ananoy
‘sadno.n pooupapy ur pasn aq Kuo pnoys uondo
sly ‘siadeyd ugaajag suojsuay atues-Jjo-3no UL
yNsas jou saop sutdeydajor paseys JO Wos siyy
IYI UleLI ayeU 0} siadvjd ayodsg-Mopeys
posed ue AMIAG peystqeasa Sulpuejsiopun
aye)

oy jo UONRINp sya JO} JoqeIeYyS YWeIM 9)

ue pue udaye] aq Jsnw aivd *aUdds sIsI

J9AO SdyP] APINSMOpKYS ay) ‘aAeMoy ‘UoHenals
siya uy "sayodsg Jey) aouanyut o2 Ap ampurjse
sapinsmopeys ‘AyPEUON ‘suoNoeJaIUT sYyoAsg
-MOpeYys YIM SuTpRop UO JUeIIRA JoyiouR
squgsaid sisieyyes) Jo spoliod Suynp jo1yU0S
Ul UleWAI O2 SpINSMOpKYs & BUIMOT|Y
"Aprordu sayjour suo ysn4y JsMw
Jajjadioig pur siadeyd pur eauassa si sided
MOpeYs JO} sajna punoss surysiyqeisa 1oM
07 uondo sy) 10} Japio uy Quedtues uns so
-peys diay ayyas Youag ayy UO sun] Wot] ava
isn aYAsq ay? Jo si9Ae]d ay] se MOpeYs $31 JO
dus aya Ul YAS J SYTRIM B JO ssoussojdjay ay
suiziseydua jo Ava JAldayo. A]IepNoTaTed & st
SIyL "santpiqe saypdsg atop yo advURApe JonIq
ayzeI OF a]qe snyp ose Ady ‘(]]JOI sisivpeD & Jo

yNsor oyp se) oIUOD UT are AdYA Udy AY "AT[NY
-a1vd soyodsg Joya aArosqo 03 Aqunzoddo ay}
s1odvyd mopeys sMoy]e JaAomoy ‘Ssr0IeIIads sv
Bundy "uolssos u9AIs Aue Jo suoiod a51e] INO
Buns saajaswoys puy Aew siadvjd Mopeys os
"yaream eB Jo qadse ayoAsq ayy UO snd0oq sates
SOW ‘sMOpEYgS suruUN4 oie OY sradeyd arp Jo
ued oyi uo surdiosip jo [eap Iwess ev sarmnbas
1 a0uts ‘sodnoxy paoueape Jo} AUC papuawwo
"01 S} SIU, TURUTWOp Uday sue s.yITRIM
vB JO JOUOD |]Ny sayer Aopeys aya ‘uoHeNIIs
slyi Uy "yoOg JOU ING AOpeEYs v JO JaIDeIeYD
yaresm v& Joyita UNI Oo} asooYs 0} siddvjd smo]
-[e sadnow adie] 10} Aqipiqissod sayjouy e
"UOISHJUOD UI sa]Nsod sapINBMOpKYS
Auew aouesaid aya
suonenals Apouios 02 pasn aq ose Uk UOLdO

OO} jo qorga ul
SIU ‘smopeys siodvyd yates aya jo seuosiad
oy uo saqer pue Sqa9Ys Ja dv. nyo MOpeYys oy
Jo} 1adaax prose sv side aiwyy Asi aya ‘uo
-ends siya uy "apinsmopeysS paieusisop eB se
Oley ISI, Bjoasn our dapisuod oO] USI Apvuw
siokvjd yo sadnon asse] 104 s1a]]2IAIOIS
*(saoAvjd 9a.1ya so oma) sodnon
[JEWS YAN asoq syLoM sIyp "WarsAs 19]]99
-A1OIS dYI O} JO BuLAv|dojo1 O2 MoU oie OYM
sioAvjd SULAJOAUL suoneniis Ul Jhyesn aq ues
siya ‘sMopeys Joya Jo asins oy] ul srodeyd J9y
qua JOvIo UL Isnt ang A1OqS Joy jo squdAo ay
ALASOYIIO Ayuo Jou Jsnuw oy "1a][aIAIOIS oy
uo ueping ]euontppe ue saovjd stya ysnoya
"1V "JpPssoy SMOPPYS Siodeyd Joy Avjdajor
02 1da]9 ABW JO]JOIAIOIS B ‘sapINnsMOpeYys
se siadvyd 1ayio Sulsn jo peaisuy e
"ules Yel eB
01UT ID1]FUOS 9YyDAsq-Mopeys sya SuNvsodsoout
JO spoypow oeusoyye YI, UdtULadxa 0} YsiM
Aew adnoy toy pue Jojo M101S ve ‘sopinsmopeys
Jo} souTjopINs ayi suisn jo peoisuy

BUIpIMBmopeys Uo suoKeLe,


The emotions that fuel a Shadow are often perversions
of the higher emotions. Instead of love, pity, hope or loyalty,
Shadows indulge themselves in hate, contempt, despair and
treachery. Sometimes, however, Dark Passions represent emo-
tions that are not necessarily dark but are, nevertheless, fre-
quently repressed by the Psyche. Fear, guilt and anxiety (as
distinguished from Angst) are examples of repressed Passions
that are grist for the Shadow's mill.

Each Dark Passion has its own purpose, one which is of-
ten linked and antithetical to the Psyche's Passions. For ex-
ample, a wraith who seeks to protect her surviving family may
have a Shadow who seeks to harm them. Some Dark Pas-
sions, however, have no correspondence in the Psyche's rep-
ertoire of driving goals. A Shadow may seek to harm people
even when the Psyche has no particular conscious interest in
protecting them.

¢ Thorns: Certain Thorns provide the Shadow with
numerous ways to affect the world around it. A Shadow who
possesses Shadowed Face, Infamy, Shadow Call, Tainted Relic
or other Thorns which gives it additional capabilities or pow-
ers can freely utilize these tools while it is in control of its
wraith. Some Thorns can be used at any time, while others
are restricted to times when the Shadow is in control.

qhe Shadows style

A Shadow possesses its own unique Archetype, and it is
this persona which colors its interaction with the world out-
side itself. Both player and Shadowguide should be familiar
with the Shadow's Archetype. A Shadowguide should make
use of her Shadow's Archetype when tempting her Shadow
character's Psyche. Since this Nature emerges when a Shadow
is in control, a wraith player should be prepared to adjust the
actions of her character to reflect her Shadow Archetype.

The Abuser, for example, will badger the Psyche into tak-
ing its advice or threaten to punish the Psyche for not doing
so. When in control of a wraith, it will spread its abuse far
and wide, attempting to increase the suffering of others around
it. The Pusher, on the other hand, will cajole the Psyche with
promises of greater power (for a price). When it dominates a
wraith, it will actively seek out situations in which the wraith
must rely on its abilities for survival, placing the hapless char-
acter deeper in its debt.

Running With the Shadows

But poets should

Exert a double vision; should have eyes

To see near things as comprehensively

As if afar they took their point of sight,

And distant things as intimately deep

As if they touched them. Let us strive for this.

— Elizabeth Barrett Browning, "Aurora Leigh"


The dual nature of a wraith character presents a challenge
for Storytellers and players alike. In most roleplaying games, the
Storyteller seeks to weave a story that will involve her troupe in
the pursuit of some goal desired by all the players. Wraith stories,
however, feature characters locked in an inner battle for control.
It is possible for characters in a Wraith game to end up acting
against their own best interests. This adds an additional level of
difficulty to the Storyteller's task, as she must contend with fre-
quent upheavals as Shadows seize control of their wraiths' Psy-
ches and take off in pursuit of their own ends. Sometimes the
gist of a story can get lost in the complications caused by unex-
pected turns of the plot dug to the Shadows' devious actions.

Storytellers must walk a fine line between preserving the
dynamic integrity of the story and allowing the interplay be-
tween Shadow and Psyche to exert its unique form of dra-
matic conflict. Being able to keep the big picture (the progress
of the story) in mind while dealing with the vagaries of frazzled
Psyches and frenetic Shadowguides requires for a Storyteller
to be on top of the game at all times. Players as well need to
remember that their characters exist within a larger context,
and that sometimes restraint and discipline must take prece-
dence over self-indulgence. Standing back from the action of
a game and trying to see the overall direction of its momen-
tum can'sometimes help players and Storytellers decide how
best they can contribute to the overall enjoyment of a game.

When everyone involved in a Wraith game cooperates
to create a story that makes room for the struggles of indi-
vidual wraiths while retaining an overall focus on the big pic-
ture, the difficulties posed by the Shadow-Psyche conflict form
a challenge worth meeting, making the successful comple-
tion of a Wraith story all the more meaningful.

Harrowies

‘Hells a lot like a theme park. .. The managements always trying to
improve the attractions, add a more effective touch to the entertainment.'
— Dan Simmons, "Vanni Fucci is Alive and Well and
Living in Hell"
% Harrowing is a nightmare ride through

the Tempest, a passion play or psycho-
drama starring the wraith and directed
by the wraith's Shadow with a support-
ing cast of Spectres. Harrowings are de-
signed to torture a wraith, empower her
Shadow and force her into making mis-
takes which may rip away her Passions, Fetters or her very
essence and send her screaming to Oblivion. To some ex-
tent, the Harrowing is like a game, a challenge to the wraith
to choose the right course of action which will allow her to
escape from the nightmare. Naturally, the Shadow tries ei-
ther to stack the cards so that the wraith chooses incorrectly,
or to make all choices seem so ill that the wraith cannot

decide among them and consequently does nothing. In ei-
ther case, the Shadow "wins" and takes as its prize some part
of the wraith's Passions or Fetters. This weakens them and
brings the wraith closer to the nothingness of Oblivion —
or drags the wraith down into the Void. If the wraith tri-
umphs, she breaks free of the Harrowing and retains her
Fetters and Passions. Though she may be unscathed, she is
usually not unchanged.

When a wraith experiences something that threatens
to estrange her even further from the world of the living
(such as losing Fetters, Passions or all of her Corpus or Will-
power), her mind fights back against the loss. At the same
time, another portion of her, her Shadow, attempts to en-
courage the break. There is both a strong life urge and an

equally strong death wish within each person, and wraiths | y

are no different. They need their ties to the living (Passions
and Fetters) to remain wraiths. Otherwise, they simply slip

.
into Oblivion. On the other hand, wraiths are unable to |

Transcend until they have resolved all their Fetters and given
up their Passions in favor of peaceful repose. Until then, }
they are the Restless Dead, given meaning by their Passions
and tied to the living through their Fetters. They need their
Corpus as a shell to house their minds and souls, and their
Willpower to withstand Oblivion's pull toward dissolution.
The Shadow seeks to overthrow the wraith's higher con-
sciousness and assume control in order to send her to
Oblivion. It also serves as a goad to drive the wraith to come
to terms with her inner demons and throw off the need for
clinging to her former mortality. At one time, this was the
purpose of Harrowings; they were challenges designed to
teach a wraith how to contend with her darker aspects and
win out over them. Some wraiths were afraid of Transcen-
dence, being unwilling to accept. the proposed surrender of
their own self-awareness. Others feared a terrible afterlife of
eternal agony. Because of this, wraiths often refused to face
their Shadows, hiding themselves from themselves and pre-

tending they could continue on unchanged. Harrowings {)/
served as a cathartic experience, forcing such wraiths to face |

themselves, their Shadows and the possibility of their disso-
lution or Transcendence whenever they were in danger of
losing their Passions, Fetters, Corpus and Willpower. By
making a wraith confront and deal with her darkest fears
and desires, Harrowings cleansed the wraith, opening her to
the new possibilities inherent in Transcendence: the purifi-
cation of the soul and its passage to a higher realm.

Harrowings are still confrontations between the differ-
ent sides of the self, but they are no longer necessarily a cleans-
ing process. Somewhere along the line Harrowings changed.
They became darker, more sinister and more deadly. No longer
are they lessons in achieving acceptance and Transcendence,
but pitched battles with the wraith's soul as the ultimate tro-
phy. Now Harrowings are things of horror and loss, though
the wraith may still receive some insight into herself if she
manages to vanquish her Shadow.

Chapter Six: The Shadow 183


Roleplaying the Harrowing
Wheneve

oup of

a wraith undergoes a Harrowing,
1g pectres interacts with the wraith, be-
deviling her into making the wrong choices. No
Storyteller can adequately portray the many Spec-
tres needed to people the Harrowing; that falls to
the troupe. Rather than taking the part of their
own characters or someone else's Shadow, each
player assumes the role of a Spectre who has the
intention of tricking or tormenting the wraith who
is the target. Spectres are sadistic, and the other

to portray this in their t

players should feel fre

porary roles as Storyteller's assistants.

There is a great temptation, however, to overdo
it when playing a Spectre. Some players may in-
dulge in "payback" for imagined (or real) wrongs;
others may simply become caught up and revel in
being "evil." The Storyteller must make certain that
the sadism inherent in any Harrowing is that of
the Spectres, not the players. Should anyone cross
that line, she should be taken out of that portion
of play.and left on the sidelines until normal play
resumes. The Storyteller has final say on what is
allowable; if she feels something a player-Spectre
does is unfair, she can declare it never to have
happened. This will not usually be a problem if
the Storyteller takes the rest of the troupe aside
and explains what she intends for the Harrowing,
or if she brings the other players in on planning
the Harrowing and setting the terms under which
the victim can triumph. Excessive sadism will
happen even less frequently in troupes in which
the players realize that they can expect the same
cruelty or courtesy when it is their turn.

What Actually Happens

When a character is pulled down into a Harrowing, she
becomes the star in a perverse psychodrama scripted by her
own subconscious. In essence, the wraith lands in a nightmare
landscape where the known rules may or may not apply any
longer. During the Harrowing, the wraith may use Arcanoi,
Willpower (except for her last point) and any of her Abilities,
but she cannot use them to escape the Harrowing itself. There's
no way out except by seeing the Harrowing through to the end.

Wraith: The Oblivion

a

A Harrowing occurs when a wraith is dragged down by
Oblivion for various reasons (see below) into the Labyrinth,
there to become the temporary plaything of some Spectres
working with her Shadow. As soon as one of the Harrowing
conditions is met (endangerment of a Fetter or a Passion, etc.),
a small Nihil opens directly underneath the character, and
she descends at great speed through the Tempest. Even Argos
can't help her escape Oblivion's grip at this point, and the
tide doesn't end until the wraith stands on the stage the Spec-
tres have prepared for her, usually in the Labyrinth.

As the character descends, her Shadow is in constant con-
tact with the local Spectre population, informing them of the

wraith's weaknesses, phobias and regrets. The Spectres take this

information and run with it, creating the setting and pulling
the props for the Harrowing from the Tempest itself so that
when the wraith finally arrives, the stage is set for a nightmare.

Inside the Harrowing, nightmare logic rules. Items can
be plucked from thin air; the scene can change in the blink of

an eye; new Spectres can simply mater and so on. Try-
ing to understand what's going on will only make matters

worse, and everything that happens is in accordance with the

whim of the directing Spectre — and its advisor, the Har-
rowed wraith's Shadow.

Wraiths leave Harrowings the same way they arrive: rap-
idly. A Nihil will spew them back into the Shadowlands, or

they will find themselves hurled into the Tempest, or Oblivion
will claim them quickly. There's no time for a parting shot at
the tormenting Spectres as one leaves a Harrowing. On the
other hand, there's also no time for them to get a shot at the
departing wraith.

Getting Out

At the end of the Harrowing, assuming the victim has
not successfully roleplayed her way out of it, comes a dice roll
that determines whether the Harrowed character succeeds,
fails or botches. It is important to remember that the roll de-
termining success or failure is not just a random tossing of
dice, but rather is a roll made after the character undergoes
the Harrowing itself and has a chance to react to it. All
Harrowings have some sort of dilemma or test for the wraith
at their heart. If the Harrowed wraith roleplays well and makes
intelligent choices during the Harrowing, thus finding and
solving the core dilemma of the Harrowing, she should be
considered to have succeeded without the need for a dice roll.

On the other hand, not every wraith will be able to solve
her Harrowing through roleplaying alone. After a preset time
limit (10 minutes works well), if a wraith has failed to find
the key to escaping her Harrowing, the Storyteller should re

solve the psychodrama and allow the character to roll to de-
termine her fate. The roll is permanent Willpower (difficulty
9), and a single success is considered to be enough to allow

the wraith to escape the Harrowing successfully.


A Word of Caution

Just as players can earn automatic successes
in a Harrowing through roleplaying, Storytell-

ers may be tempted to assign automatic fail-

ures or even automatic botches as penalties for

bad decisions, poor roleplaying or consistent

botches rolled during the playing out of the
Harrowing itself. However, Storytellers are cau-
tioned to avoid making this sort of unilateral
judgment, as it can lead to hard feelings on the
part of the player whose character has just heen
unfairly (to his way of thinking) picked on.
Instead, if the situation truly warrants it, Sto-
rytellers should either raise the difficulty of the
Harrowing roll to 10 or increase the number of
successes required to escape the Harrowing.
Always leave a window of escape for the char-
acter, no matter how small, as this will keep
the player behind the character from feeling
helpless. It's no fun to feel helpless, and after
all, fun is the point of the game

The character does not need to roll anything unless she
fails to solve the dilemma. Even then, good roleplaying can
significantly reduce the difficulty number which the wraith must
roll to escape the Harrowing. Though difficulty numbers for
escaping Harrowings begin at 9, the Storyteller may reduce the

difficulty to 8 or even 7 as a reward for good roleplaying.
Furthermore, if she has Eidolon, the wraith may roll on
her Eidolon rating (difficulty 9) to change aspects of the night-
mare to help her defend herself or escape from the Harrow-
ing. Each success allows her to change one aspect to make it
more favorable to herself, thus increasing her chances of suc-
cessfully solving the dilemma (though the change must make

sense in the context of the nightmare). If the wraith still has

any points of Willpower, she may use them as she would for
any other roll to gain one automatic success. It should be noted
that when a wraith is being Harrowed because she is on the
verge of losing her last point of Willpower, she may not use
that last point to gain a success; that would mean she volun-
tarily gave it up, resulting in her dissolution.

Harrowing Systems and Targets

There are two different kinds of Harrowings. They are
distinguished by the target and possible outcome of the night-
mare ride.


Target Harrowings

The first type of Harrowing is one in which one of a
wraith's Passions or Fetters is targeted by her Shadow in an
attempt to destroy it; this may weaken the wraith's ties to the
world of the living or make her a colder, less emotional per-
son — and that brings her closer to Oblivion. The target of a
Harrowing is called the Quarry, just as if the Trait were being
hunted. Target Harrowings may be activated by the following
events:

© The wraith loses (or uses up) all of her Willpower. As
she is on the verge of losing that final point, which would
bring her to zero Willpower, she immediately undergoes a
Harrowing that targets either a Passion or a Fetter
(Shadowguide's choice). Usually this is a low-level Trait or
one she has neglected recently.

If the wraith succeeds at the Harrowing's test, she is
snapped back to one of her Fetters, does not lose any points
off her targeted Passion or Fetter, and keeps her one point of
Willpower. Failure means the wraith must roll dice equiva-
lent to the rating of the Quarry Trait (difficulty 8). She loses
a number of points from the rating equal to the number of
dice on this roll that do not come up with a success. If this
brings the Trait to zero or less, the Passion or Fetter is gone
forever. She then escapes the Harrowing, snapping back to a
Fetter (assuming she still has any) and regaining Willpower

186 Wraith: The Oblivion

equal to her Intelligence rating. A botch results in the wraith's
losing the targeted Trait outright. Additionally, she must now
roll her permanent Willpower versus the Shadow's Angst (dif-
ficulty 6). If the Shadow wins, the wraith loses a point of per-
manent Corpus.

If the Storyteller feels that the wraith has wasted her
Willpower in a particularly wanton fashion, she may instead
opt for a Destruction Harrowing upon loss of the last point of
Willpower (see below). The loss of a point of permanent

Corpus is a fairly

serious penalty in itself, since it limits the

wraith's temporary Corpus score, making it easier for the wraith
to fall into another Harrowing and thus lose more Corpus...

© The wraith is on the verge of losing (not Resolving)
her last point in an individual Passion. So long as she has one

point in the Passion, she is fine, but when that last point is

threatened, she undergoes a Harrowing. This can occur ei-

ther because the wraith has neglected the Passion or due to a
Spectre's ability to numb even the fiercest emotions. Wraiths

can also lose Passions due to failing a Harrowing, but only a

truly cruel Storyteller would invoke a second Harrowing as a

result of failing the first one — particularly over the same

Passion, which may be gone anyway.

The Harrowing should focus on a theme that involves
the Passion, and that Passion should always be the Quarry of
mple, if the Passion that is being threat-
m

the Harrowing. For
ened is Protect my sister (Love), the Harrowing might se


AS AA

to take place in a mirrored funhouse, with each pane of glass
reflecting the character's sister in some sort of life-threaten-
ing peril. Success has the same result as a success in a Will-
power Harrowing. However, if the victim fails or botches, not
only does he lose the Quarry Passion, but he also must roll
against the rating of a different Passion (Storyteller discre-
tion as to which Passion, difficulty 5) as well. Any failures
acquired during this roll are subtracted from the rating of this
second Quarry. In addition, a wraith who botches a Passion
Harrowing must roll permanent Willpower versus permanent
Angst (difficulty 6) or lose a permanent Corpus point.

© The wraith is on the verge of losing (not Resolving)
her last point in a Fetter. When a living Fetter dies or a non-
living Fetter is destroyed, the character whose Fetter has been
lost is immediately thrown into this sort of Harrowing.

This Harrowing proceeds just as one for a Passion does,
but the Fetter is the Quarry, and it becomes part of the scen-
ery ora player in the psychodrama. If a character has his comic
book collection as a Fetter, for example, his Harrowing could

be peopled with Spectres portraying twisted versions of his
favorite superheroes, all out for his blood. Successes, failures
and botches are handled in the same way as for Passions, ex-
cept that if the wraith loses his last Fetter in this way (through
a failure), he cannot be snapped back to it, but instead is
dumped into a random part of the Tempest. He is also unable
to travel to the Shadowlands anymore. Failures and botches
are handled in a similar fashion to those in Passion Harrowings.

If the wraith has been pulled into this sort of Harrowing
because of the destruction or death of one of her Fetters, suc-
ceeding in the Harrowing will still not allow the wraith to
retain that Fetter. Instead, a success will allow her to consider
the Fetter Resolved instead of destroyed.

© The wraith has lost all of her temporary Corpus. In
this case, the wraith herself is the Quarry of the Harrowing.
Again, success allows the wraith to escape back to a Fetter
and recover as many points of temporary Corpus as she has
levels of Stamina. Failure results in the loss of one point of
permanent Corpus, and a botch results in another immediate
Harrowing, again with the wraith as the Quarry.

If a wraith loses her last point of permanent Corpus as a
result of a temporary Corpus Harrowing, she is immediately
thrown into a Destruction Harrowing (see below).

Destruction Hanrowings

These Harrowings occur only in extreme circumstances,
and they directly threaten the wraith. In these rare instances,
she becomes the Quarry rather than a Passion or a Fetter.
Circumstances that bring about a Destruction Harrowing are
as follows:

© The wraith loses all her Willpower (i.e., is on the verge
of falling from one point of Willpower to zero points), and
has spent that Willpower in what the Storyteller deems to be

for Example.

While Erik is still climbing over the edge of the
building, the shot fired by the first Heretic attracts
the attention of a couple of his friends. They all
open fire on the unfortunate wraith, and their relic
Erik loses his grip on the ledge and

falls to the unforgiving ground.

bullets connect.
The Storyteller rules that between the bul
lets and the impact with the ground, Erik has
taken enough damage to land in a Harrowing
She asks Erik's player to leave the room, and
once that occurs, asks Erik's Shadowguide what
would make a good target for the Harrowing
The S

Passion, tied up with his quest for the wraith

yadowguide points to Erik's biggest
he's fallen in love with but who was enthralled
soon after. He also mentions that Erik's Nature
is Martyr, and that it might be a good idea to
make the escape condition that Erik has to
refuse, consciously, a pointless self-sacrifice. The
Storytelleragrees that this would make for good
Harrowing material, and in conjunction with
the other players, she decides to present Erik
with multiple Spectral images of his lost love
in soul-threatening peril. He can save one, pos
sibly two, but he can't save them all, and trying
will only get him destroyed to no end. Satisfied
that all of the other players are comfortable with
their roles as Spectres in the Harrowing, the

Storyteller calls Erik back into'the room.

particularly wasteful or frivolous ways. She herself is the Quarry
of the Harrowing, as by losing all her Willpower she no longer
has the strength to resist Oblivion's pull. In this sort of Har-
rowing, no rolls on Passions or Fetters are made. Instead, at
the end of the Harrowing, the wraith makes a straight op-
posed roll pitting her permanent Willpower versus the
Shadow's permanent Angst (difficulty 6). Success releases her
back to a Fetter and allows her to retain her last point of Will-
power. Failure means that the wraith is utterly consumed by
Oblivion, while a botch can (at Storyteller discretion) allow
the character to be reborn as a Spectre.

Destruction Harrowings based around Willpower are ex-
ceedingly rare, and should be undertaken by Storytellers only
if the situation truly demands it.

Chapter Six: The Shadow 187

* The wraith is on the verge of losing her last point in
her last remaining Passion. Her emotions have become so
numbed that she is a step away from feeling nothing and thus
becoming nothing. Again, permanent Willpower should be
rolled against permanent Angst (difficulty 6). Should the
wraith win, she is transported to one of her Fetters (assuming
she still has any), or to a random area of the Tempest (if she
does not), and retains that last point of Passion. Failure strips
her of her last strong emotion, opening her to the cold void
of Oblivion and destroying her. Again, a botch can transform
the Harrowed wraith into a Spectre.

© The wraith is reduced to zero permanent Corpus. With
even her tenuous hold on the reality of the Shadowlands be-
ing eroded, she stands on the verge of total dissolution. The
system is the same as above, with the wraith rolling her per-
manent Willpower versus the Shadow's permanent Angst (dif-
ficulty 6). Success snaps her back to a Fetter (if she has any)
or to a random part of the Tempest where she immediately
recovers a single point each of temporary and permanent Cor-
pus. Failure results in the wraith's immediate destruction. The
character is dragged screaming into Oblivion, and the player
should consider what sort of character she'd like to play next.
A botch on this roll will turn the character into a Spectre,
probably of the Nephwrack caste.

Rewards

Should the wraith successfully overcome the Harrowing,
she should receive some sort of reward. For a target Harrow-
ing, if the wraith has successfully "defended" a Passion or Fet-
ter (especially one she may have recently neglected) with good
roleplaying or clever thinking, it should be increased by one
point. Thus a Fetter that was a three-point now becomes a
four-point. For Destruction Harrowings, the wraith is awarded
a decrease of one to three points (depending on the difficulty

of the Harrowing and the roleplaying of the player) of tempo-
rary Angst. This represents a boost to the wraith's confidence
due to her success and the relief at having escaped the Har-
rowing.

Extended Harrowings

In this rules variation, when a wraith botches her roll
during a Targeted Harrowing, she loses the Quarry of the Har-
rowing but does not lose permanent Corpus. Instead, the
trauma of the loss throws her into a second Harrowing which
targets another Passion of Fetter. In effect, this gives the wraith
asecond chance to reprieve herself. The Harrowing proceeds
just as if it were the primary one, with the same results for
success and failure as a normal Harrowing would cause. If the
wraith must roll again and if she botches again, the Story-
teller could then (with a clear conscience) declare that the
wraith has lost a point of permanent Corpus, or might allow
yet a third Harrowing.

AAR; \
b) 40 Nw .
ees ROS "i

De

Technically, this could continue until the wraith has no more
Fetters and Passions to be targeted, but realistically, after the third
Harrowing, the wraith will probably not be able to stand any
more (and the other players will want to get back to their char-
acters). Granted, the wraith should be able to overcome a botch
by spending a Willpower point (and thus gaining a success), but
there will be times when she cannot spend Willpower (such as
when she only has one point left and doesn't want to spend it
lest she set herself up for a Destruction Harrowing). Any wraith
who undergoes three successive Harrowings gains a permanent
psychosis to be determined by the Storyteller (assuming she makes
it out intact). In addition to any other psychosis the wraith may
acquire, she will never be entirely certain that she has escaped
the Harrowing. She may believe that subsequent events are
merely her Shadow trying to trick her into complacence. When-
ever she is placed under stress again, she will assume it is the
Harrowing resuming (and she might be right).

Group Harrowings

There are rare occasions when an entire group of wraiths
undergoes a simultaneous Harrowing. This may come about
through all of them losing a Fetter held in common, or all of
them may be stripped of their Corpus at the same time (say, in a
firefight or Maelstrom). Whatever the cause, in instances like
this the wraiths undergo a Harrowing all together, rather than as
individuals. In general, the mechanics for a group Harrowing are
the same as for the individual version, and all of the wraiths
involved are tested in some fashion (the tests may be individual
or group in nature). Obviously, in a group Harrowing the players
are too busy with their characters to play the parts of Spectres;
this additional task then falls to the Storyteller.

At the conclusion of the group Harrowing, either all of @
the wraiths succeed or all must roll to determine the outcome.
It is possible for individuals within the group to fail their in-
dividual tests at this point, even though the rest of the group
succeeds. At this point, the group must decide whether they're
all in this together, or whether they want to handle things
individually. Note: The "all in this together" approach is only
feasible if the wraiths are being Harrowed for the loss of a
shared Fetter. If the Harrowing is over lost Corpus, it descends
into "every wraith for himself" at this juncture.

If they're all together, the failure of even one wraith
in the Harrowing means that the whole group is placed in
jeopardy. The good news is that the person with the high-
est rating in the shared Fetter being targeted gets to make
the roll for the whole group. If he succeeds, everyone es-
capes. Should he fail, everyone loses the Fetter; should he
botch, he loses the Fetter, and the roll defaults to the per-
son with the highest Willpower rating in the group. If that
roll succeeds, the Fetter is still lost, but the wraiths all es-
cape unharmed. A failure on this second roll results in the
loss of a point of permanent Corpus from each wraith in
the group, while a botch has consequences best left to Sto-
ryteller discretion.

The other way to handle this is take the select individu-
als from within the group who have failed their test and have
only those people make the rolls. Whatever happens affects
only those particular wraiths. If they lose the Fetter, it is lost
only to them; the others in the group retain it. Should any of
them botch and fail their Willpower rolls, only those wraiths
lose permanent Corpus. Note that Extended Harrowings can
apply in group situations as well.

Chapter Six: The Shadow 189
eS eee "


The Darker Side

: I'm
fi sitting in
{the club car

* of a phantom
éig  ttain, playing
poker with two

ghosts and a Spectre
if who claims to have
been a general for
Alexander the Great. He
j certainly looks the part, with
half-rotted bronze armor and
helm. There's a red glow coming
from his helmet where there ought
to be eyes, though, and underneath his
black beard I can see bone. Spectres are
supposedly what us wraiths turn into when
our Shadow takes us over for good. I've also
heard that we can be swallowed by Oblivion
— nothingness, entropy, whatever you want to
call it. I look into those burning red eyes and I'm
not sure what I'd prefer.

There's one problem with playing poker with a man
who doesn't have eyes any more. It's hard to tell when
he's bluffing. The other two wraiths — a skeletal gun-
slinger and someone charred like Cajun chicken who's wear-
ing a hammer at his belt — don't matter. They've got objects
and coins to bet, and lose, and even in a place like this, objects
can be replaced. There are always more ghosts of objects. But me,
I've run out of things to bet. All I've got left is myself, and ghost
bodies are a very valuable commodity.

The other two are out. The Spectre is dealing. The ghosts of cards slide
to a stop in front of me, here on the ghost of a table in the ghost of a train.

Suddenly, I'm afraid. I wish I could hear her singing one more time.
I turn over the cards....

Renegade

The night fairly vibrates with
danger as I walk along strangely de-
serted streets, heading back to Pine
Knoll Elementary. Time and dis-
tance are still playing tricks on me,
and it seems to be taking much
longer than necessary to walk the
few miles back to the schoolhouse.
Along the way, I pass decaying store
fronts and vacant apartment build-
ings, but the strangeness of it all
doesn't hit me the way it once did.
I must be getting used to this
place, | reflect ruefully.

A sudden flurry of activity off
to my left in the shadows beside one
of the buildings draws my attention.
1 wheel around with both fists
clenched and raised, and stare into the
shadows inside the ruined building.

At first, I see nothing. Then
something much darker than the
night resolves from the shadows and
charges at me so fast I have no time
to react, A peal of laughter fills the
night as something:slams into me. ]
experience the impact only as a dis-
tant shock, but it knocks me clean
off my feet. Thit the ground, feeling
oddly detached from reality, and
tumble over backwards as the person
of creature or whatever it is leaps into

"the airand then lands on my chest.

The world is spinning crazily
out of control.

Fear grips me when | realize
that I'm flat on my back, and that a
creature with shreds of rotting flesh
dangling from its face, and hollow,
wide-set eyes that blaze with a sav-
age red glow has me pinned to the
ground. Bony knees grind painfully
into my upper arms,

"You're mine now!" the creature
Snarls, leaning close to my face, its
voice crackling like a hot wire.

Nearly insane with fear, I struggle
to free myself, but it's useless. What-
ever this thing is, it's too strong.

The creature straddles my
chest, holding me down. Bony fin-
gers dig into the sides of my head
as the creature grips me and brings
its face so close to mine we almost
touch. Looping strings of plasm run
from the creature's mouth and fall
onto my face.

When I try tostesist, the crea-
ture shifts its weight, countering
every move I make. Soon, I'm com-
pletely. pinned, one of his hands
holding down both of mine with a
grip so fierce that it would break
bones if] still had any. I'm trapped,
and my captor knows it.

It's not wasting any time,

though, and | see it pull out froma

pouch at its belt a coiled length of
chain with metal clamps on the
ends. The rings of the chain flicker
with a curious internal light that
makes them glow a dull yellow, and
they're moaning. Softly.

With a quick flick of its wrists,
the creature snaps open one of the
cuffs and forces my eft wrist into
it. The pain I feel the instant the
metal touches my Corpus is inde-
scribable. Searing hot flames and
powerful surges of numbing cold rip
simultaneously through my Corpus
and my mind. Even that other voice
inside my head is screaming with
me, and a shrill chorus of agonized
shricks seems to be coming from
inside the chain links.

"Mine! Mine! All mine!" the
creature howls, its voice warbling so
high it finally cracks. This is followed
by another burst of maniacal laughter
as the creature snaps open a second cuff
and shackles my other wrist.

I'm terrified, but from a place
way far gone in the back of my head.
These chains have done something
fo me so I cant resist any more, no
matter how much I want to. The
mere touch of this strange metal —
so cold'that it burns white hot

against me — drains me of all

strength and resolve. The weight of


4

the chains presses me to the ground
with a crushing heaviness. Every fi-
ber of my being screams in anguish.

"Wha-what do you—?"

"Be quiet, slave!" the creature
bellows.

Sitting back on its haunches, it
hauls back and punches me in the
mouth. The impact is dull and no-
where close to the intense agony of
the chains, but it knocks my head
back against the ground hard enough
to daze me. My view of the night
sky shatters into a thousand mir-
rored fragments.

As the creature swings off my
chest and reaches down to snap the
two remaining cuffs onto my legs,
T see a sudden rush of motion be-
hind it. My captor seems oblivious
of its presence, and I'm positive this
is one of the creature's accomplices.
Then the second figure gets a little
closer, and a hopeless, sinking sen-
sation fills me when I see it has a
dark hood masking its face. I'm
done for, I know it.

"Oh, Til get a good price for
this one, I will," the creature on top
of me babbles to itself between
bursts of laughter. "This one here's
agood, strong Corpus, it is. And he's
all mine!"

"Release him, Renegade."

The hooded figure's voice
booms in the night and echoes from
the empty buildings nearby.

The creature instantly freezes,
its expression fixed ina startled gri-
mace. The glow in itscyes dies, and
it cringes like a whipped animal as
it turns slowly and' looks at who-
ever — or whatever — is standing be-
hind him.

"Now!" the hooded figure
commands, slowly raising one hand
and pointing at the creature.

"Bot I.,.I caught him, Ferry-
man," the creature whines without
much strength or conviction in its
voice. "He's mine!"

"Incorrect. My mark is upon
him, and has been since his Reap-
ing," the hooded figure replies. It
has a sonorous voice that seems
to come from several directions
at once.

"But I have him," the creature
says. "I deserve him! | tracked him
here. I found out where he stays, and
T caught him. I earned him, Ferry-
man, he's mine!"

The' hooded figure stares in si-
lence at the cringing creature, who.
glances furtively from side to side.
After a tense moment, it slumps for-
ward and produces a key from the
folds of its shabby clothes. Its hands

tremble as it leans forward and un-
locks the manacles that bind me.

I can't describe the sudden, in-
tense relief I feel as the chains re-
lease. The searing pain immedi-
ately dissolves, and the faint cho-
tus of screams slowly fades away.
The links clank heavily together,
and, the light bleeds out of them
as the creature hastily gathers them
up. With a bowed head, it scurries
off into the night.

I'm too stunned to move, so
I just lay there fora minute. My
Corpus feels entirely drained of
strength, and besides, what
would be the use of running? If
the Ferryman could scare off the
"Renegade" who'd tackled me'so
easily, what chance did I have
against him?

The hooded figure regards me
with a long, steady stare. The cold
intensity of its unscen gaze bores
into me. I want to say something
— to thank my deliverer, if noth
ing else — but I'm not convinced
that my situation has improved.
When I try to speak. the only
sound I can manage is a feeble,
"Thank you."

Without a word, the hooded
figure turns and walks away, leaving

me alone in the dark night:



———-

ee eee

...but to my great satisfaction, they are willing story-tellers,
which they call "life-speaking."

— Robert Holdstock, "Mythago Wood"

host stories are an intrinsic part of the
human condition, combining as they do
two of our strongest drives: fear of death
and the need to share our experiences. Part
of a time-honored tradition, ghost stories
have been handed down from the cave-
men to us, by way of hands as diverse as
Dickens and Homer, Tim Burton and the author of Beowulf.

Wraith is a natural extension of the grand and glorious
ghost story tradition, but that means that in Wraith stories still
have to be told, and that someone has to be the teller of tales.
To a certain extent, all of the players in a game of Wraith are
tale-tellers, determining the actions and dialogue of the char-
acters. However, that covers only the heroes of your wraithly
ghost tales; somebody has to play the informants, the soldiers,
the victims and the villains. Someone has to map out the world
that the heroes move in, and plot behind the scenes for the

villains. That's where the role of Storyteller comes in, for all
these things and more are the Storyteller's responsibility.

If you've never tried a storytelling game before, itcanseem

awkward at first. Much of a game like Wraith springs from
improvisation, character and mood, as opposed to being
wrapped up in dice and neat little charts that tell you exactly
what you do. In Wraith, the emphasis is upon you deciding
your actions, not referring to a table or box to determine what
they should be. This sort of storytelling freedom can be either
exhilarating or daunting. With that in mind, this chapter is a
guide to Storytelling techniques, along with hints, tips and
suggestions for making your Wraith game run more smoothly.
There isn't any "top-secret-for-Storyteller-eyes-only" informa-
tion in this chapter, just ideas on what makes a good Wraith
story and what sort of pitfalls you might want to avoid. If you
are a Storyteller, you might even want to have your players
read this as well. After all, they are telling part of the story, too.


I pray God will curse the writer, as the writer has cursed the
world with this stupendous, beautiful creation, terrible in its sim-
plicity, irresistable in its truth...

— Robert Chambers, "The Repairer of Reputations"

The Storyteller's role is varied and complex, requiring a
sizable investment of both time and effort. After all, it is the
Storyteller who creates the world anew every game session,
who populates it with the living and the dead, and who deter-
mines what treasures, perils and plots the players come across.
More importantly, as Storyteller you must learn to share your
world with the players, allowing them to weave their own
plot threads even if those threads don't quite match the pat-
tern you'd envisioned. Unlike writing a novel or a screenplay,
Storytelling a game like Wraith is an interactive experience;
the best Storytellers realize that the best stories come from
allowing the tales to develop naturally, not forcing them where
the characters have no wish to go.

Establishing the setting for the story is one of the
Storyteller's largest responsibilities. Every personality the
players meet, every place they go and every thing they see
springs from your imagination, and it is important to keep
that imagination flexible. You must define everything for
the players, serving as their eyes, ears, nose, touch, and taste.
After all, as Storyteller you know what the old wraith
huddled in the corner looks like; the trick is to get your play-
ers to see him as you do.

The more complex and detailed the setting that you
present to your players, the more potential stories that can be
told within that setting, and the better the stories that are
told will be. Creating a world like a Hollywood set, all flats
and fagades, will lead to disappointment on both your part
and the players'. When the characters turn the corner and
there's nothing there for them to do because you didn't an-
ticipate them going around the block, the players will grow
restive from having their options limited by the single plot or
setting you mapped out. At the same time, you'll get frus-
trated because your story will bog down in a morass of non-
encounters and hastily thrown together scenes with no real
depth or bearing.

Your world and the characters who populate it must be
detailed, so that you can have them respond believably to
any action the players take. Regardless of how thorough you
wish to be, your players will find a way to come up with an
action that you couldn't possibly have anticipated. If your
world has depth and flexibility, you'll be able to integrate these
situations into your story without any seams showing. If, how-
ever, you only detail the narrow path that you wish your play-
ers to follow, once they stray from that path (and they will
stray, rest assured), both you and they will be lost.

196 Wraith: the Oblivion

One of the things that can make your job as world-creator
easier is the fact that Wraith mirrors a side of the "teal" world.
Since the World of Darkness is so close to our world, much of
the setting of a Wraith game can be drawn from the daily head-
lines. You don't have to create history and geography from
scratch (at least not in the Shadowlands), because that part of
the world has already been created for you by history and soci-
ety. However, it is not our world, and you must draw in the
shadows and darkened places that our world does not have.

The next step, once you're created your world, is to people
it. Just as every person in our world has their own quirks and
habits, so too must the characters that the players interact
with each possess their own unique personality traits. This is
true for the lowliest chained Thrall and the most diabolical
Spectre; everyone in the Underworld (save Drones) must have
a strong personality or else be dragged summarily down to
Oblivion. If the players' characters are the stars of your story,
the characters you play are the supporting cast. Remember,
the voices and faces you take on are the only real way the
players have of interacting with your world. If the characters
you play are simple and generic, your story will turn generic
rapidly. If, however, each of the masks you don as Storyteller
has something unique about him — a Legionnaire with an
eternal hangover, a Renegade with the nervous habit of flip-
ping a coin in the air while speaking, an informant who
rambles about his living days — then they will each stand out
as a personality instead of a plot device, no matter how hack-
neyed the function each serves in your story.

Giving your characters strong personalities also helps
when the players decide to do something unexpected. After
all, if you have a good sense of who the character you're play-
ing is, you'll have a good sense for how she'll react in the face
of the unexpected.

Using Rules

Another part of the Storyteller's job description is adju-
dication, deciding what the inhabitants of your story can and
can't do based upon the rules. A good portion of this book
describes the various rules needed for just this purpose. These
tules exist as a tool for you to use, but should be regarded as a
starting point, not a straight jacket. Ultimately, you judge the
validity and interpretation of the rules and their effect on
your story. If circumstances arise that the rules don't cover, or
if you just don't like certain rules, you have every right to
ignore or improvise your own rules, so long as you are consis-
tent within the framework of your story. Interpreting a rule
one way one session and another the next can be disastrous.

In the end, though, while statistics and dice provide a
basis for comparison, you must interpret the meaning behind
all the dots and botches. The most important rule to remem-
ber is that the rules are guides and tools, nothing more.


+ Entertainment

The most important part of your role as Storyteller, though,
is to make certain that everyone, yourself included, has a good
time. Wraith is a game, and as such it is supposed to be fun.
Don't confuse putting a character in an unpleasant situation with
putting that character's player in an uncomfortable situation.

The best way to make sure all of your players have a good
time is to keep them involved and active. If one wraith goes
off for three hours' worth of solo adventuring, odds are that
the rest of his Circle is going to get extremely bored. If they
get bored enough, they'll quit the game. Keeping the Circle
together (or at least in reasonably sized chunks) is a good way
to keep as many players as possible involved at all times. En-
couraging active Shadowplaying is another way to make cer-
tain that players are still a part of the action, even if their
characters aren't on stage at the moment.

The other important thing to remember is that nobody likes
to feel helpless, so make sure that your players' actions actually
do affect the story. If you have too strict a notion of the plotline
that your players have to follow, you'll find yourself resorting to
heavy-handed tactics to keep them "on track," as it were. This
makes your story less believable, not to mention less interesting.
When the players realize that nothing they do makes a differ-
ence, they'll stop doing anything and you'll lose the interactive
element of storytelling that makes Wraith enjoyable.

So, with all of these restrictions and warnings and re-
sponsibilities, why would anyone want to take the role of Sto-
ryteller? The answer is that Storytelling can be the most en-
joyable part of the game. Crafting something unique and shar-
ing it with your players, seeing the look of discovery in their
eyes when they come across a plot hook of which you're par-
ticularly proud, and hearing them tell stories from your
chronicle days, weeks or even months later ("So this Legion-
naire sticks his head through the wall along with his sword
arm, and Asok just grabbed his face and made this beautiful
Moliate roll...."), all of these are the rewards of Storytelling.
Most important, though, is the act of Storytelling itself, the

creation of the story which your players eagerly become a part
of. That's the true reward of Storytelling, and one which is
well worth all of the time and energy of preparation.

Casting Cal

While you spend your time crafting a world and the per-
sonalities in it, the players are busy creating their charac-
ters. The character each player creates is her only access to
your world, and as her creation the character has a lot of
significance to her. To make sure that the investment the
player makes in her character is fruitful, then, you and she
need to interact during the character design process. If a
player creates a hard-bitten Centurion ready to kick some
serious Corpus, but you want to run a story about tragic ro-


mance, odds are neither of you will be happy with the re-
sults. Let your players know what kind of game you want to
play, and listen to their desires concerning what kind of game
they want. The story you and your group will create will be
a cooperative effort, after all, and it makes sense to ensure
that the characters are appropriate for that story. The char-
acters' actions will mold and influence your world, while
your plot and supporting cast will affect the choices the play-
ers make. Working together and communicating with your
players increases your chances for having stories that every-
one, players and Storyteller alike, can be happy with.

Communicating with your players during the charac-
ter creation process will also help keep your group together.
By helping at an early stage, you can prevent your players
from creating mutually exclusive characters. If some of your
players decide to play minions of the Hierarchy and the
others die-hard Heretics, you could have a disaster, with
half the Circle spending its time trying to arrest and
soulforge the other half. That is, unless you can create a
reason for Hierarchs and Heretics to be working together
— say, to guard a particularly dangerous Nihil or as part of
a jointly sponsored expedition to another Dark Kingdom.
Depend on your players to be creative with their person-
alities, but keep the story in mind when approving charac-
ter concepts. Keeping tabs on the roles your players chose
to take can head off trouble before it begins.

During character creation, players also come up with
backgrounds for the personae they are adopting. You can take
the opportunity these backgrounds present to find plenty of
plot hooks with which to bring the characters into your
storylines. Old enemies or allies, traumatic remembrances
played upon by the Shadow, favorite spots, links that can be
forged between character backgrounds —all of these can serve
to tighten the characters' fit into your world.

Becoming involved in a player's character generation can
really make for a good story, but a good Storyteller knows her
boundaries. Not every character will fit perfectly into every
story. On the other hand, you can use this to your advantage
by incorporating this apparent mismatch into your plot. For
instance, a player wants her character to run a nightclub in
the Shadowlands, but since your plot didn't call for a night-
club, you didn't design one. This doesn't mean that one can't
be added, though. Instead of scratching the idea, you can give
the player the go-ahead to build the club from the ground up.
This can lead to plenty of plot ideas (dealing with the local
Hierarchs to gain permission to run the club, competition from
other clubs, possibly stepping on the toes of Renegades, Hier-
archy busts of Renegade clients, etc.), which can make your
story richer. Furthermore, the player has made another in-
vestment of time and energy in the world, making that world
a little deeper. Situations such as these arise often, and by
taking advantage of them, both you and your players can add
depth and, ironically, life to your world.

|

But he gave no reply, and turned away,

following other ghosts toward Erebos.

Who knows if in that darkness he might still

have spoken, and I answered?

— Homer, The Odyssey, Book 11

| ost ghost stories have as their heroes the
intrepid ghost hunters who banish malefic
spirits and calm haunted houses. Rarer are
the tales in which the object is to bring
&| the ghost peace. Wraith's ghost stories are
a) of a different sort entirely, for they cast as
heroes the ghosts themselves. This is an
important aspect of making Wraith work at all: the charac-
ters are the protagonists and heroes of the tales you spin. They
do and they act; if the characters want to be acted upon, they
may as well be Thralls, Drones or oboli.

However, this inversion of the classic ghost story helps
to make Wraith complex on occasion. There are many ele-
ments that must all be involved in a story in order to main-
tain the unique flavor of Wraith; horror, terror, romance, pas-
sion and regret are all vital elements of the Underworld which
cannot be given short shrift. Willing suspension of disbelief
and a good storytelling atmosphere are also important. When
all of these elements are working, your Storytelling experi-
ence can be something fantastic.

qhemes

All stories have themes. It's a part of the narrative condi-
tion, and Wraith stories are no different. A theme is a single
idea or concept underlying a story, and which shapes the story
by its very presence. Wraith itself has a multitude of themes
woven into it: transcendence, rebellion, reconciliation, defi-
ance, passion, horror and more. It's not necessary to work all
of these into your story actively; most will find their way into
the subtext of what you're doing by themselves. However, you
may wish to highlight a specific theme or two, giving them
special emphasis in the tale you're spinning.

Playing up a specific theme can be done in a variety of
ways. One of the easiest is to work your theme into the de-
scriptions you give of a setting. If your theme is horror,
strange scuttling noises from the shadows and horrific
deathmarks on passing wraiths can accentuate what you're
doing nicely. Even if the noises in the darkness turn out to
be Skinlands mice, and the passing wraiths never speak a
word to the characters, by their very existence they empha-
size the horrific nature of what's going on. Another method
is to include props — items in the hands of the characters
you play, or simply left around — that have connections to

your theme. A soulforged rose in the hands of a lonely wraith |
can emphasize the theme of romance or tragedy much more
effectively than simply saying, "We're going to be focusing
on romance tonight."

Over the course of an extended chronicle, you may find
yourself dealing with multiple themes. Each chapter may
have its own theme, subordinate to the overarching idea of
the chronicle, or the story's main theme may inform every
minute of play. It's up to you. Some of the most important
sample themes in Wraith can be: i

Adventure: Many of the Restless Dead still seek out
the thrills of life. In an effort to forget their torment or just
in the process of living up their unlives, some ghosts love to Q/@
cause trouble for the living world. This includes poltergeist
antics, inspiring tabloid article frenzies and getting cheap |
thrills from Skinriding. On the other hand, there's plenty of
excitement to be found in the Underworld. Doomslaying,
Renegade (or Legionnaire!) hunting and exploring the Tem-
pest are all possibilities. Characters with Passions related to
excitement or fear will take a fancy to this theme.

Defiance: Some strong-willed wraiths see the Hierar-
chy as an oppressive government that crushes individuality
and promotes slavery. Driven by their desire for order (or
power), the characters could be agents of this oppression,
fighting to suppress the unruly Renegade and Heretic mobs.
On the other hand, the characters could be revolting against
the dehumanizing machine of the Hierarchy as a band of
Renegades or even Heretics, thriving off the energies from
their quest for freedom.

Fear: The masses quake in their boots, and children
cry in the night. The living fear the darkness and what lies
across the Shroud; the dead fear Oblivion, eternal torment
and the loss of hope. Fear is an essential theme for Wraith,
as it flavors the actions of the living and the dead. It can
provide the impetus for characters to fight all the harder
against Oblivion, or to go Spectre-hunting in an effort to
confront and defeat their terrors. Fears for those the wraiths
love can force them into interactions with the living, and
fear, well-founded, of other wraiths can lead characters into
alliances, Guild affiliations and conflicts that they might
have wished to avoid.

Immortality: Now that you have died, why fear death?
There is no reason for fear, so live your unlife to the full-
est. Emphasis on the timelessness of the Shadowlands ver-
sus the quick pace of the living world should be a central
idea. The characters may be ghosts from a bygone era strug-
gling to adjust to the modern world, or they may be more
recent Shadowlands arrivals who have to deal with older
wraiths stuck in their archaic ways. Plus, there is always
the corrupting hand of stagnation casting its pall over the
centuries. The struggle for sanity and new experiences in
the face of the slow centuries can keep more than one
wraith fully occupied.


Lie

Conversely, the characters may thrive once they have
become immortal. If they achieve comfortable status, tend
their Fetters and follow their Passions, the afterlife can be a
pretty good place to be. But once a wraith gets a taste of for-
ever, she won't want to give it up. How will the player react
when that immortality is threatened?

Inner Conflict: The worst enemy a wraith has is her own
Shadow. The inner conflict between self and self-destruction
heats up immeasurably when death strips away the contain-
ing shell of the body. Will the wraith be able to withstand the
constant onslaught of this subconscious demon, or will she be
sucked down into Oblivion? How will her inner struggle af-
fect her dealings with others, all of whom, after all, are fight-
ing the same battle that she is.

Inner conflict could also play a role on a broader scale;
the Shadow does not have to rule this theme. By giving the
characters two mutually exclusive, but important goals, you
can divide your main characters in two. Do they save a living
loved one from death, or rescue a new-found Restless friend
from the forges? By presenting tough questions or no-win situ-
ations, you force the players to examine their character's per-
sonalities and make hard emotional decisions. A wraith's Fet-
ters will often cause her to make extraordinary sacrifices, es-
pecially with Oblivion ever-present in the background.

Intrigue: From the politics of Stygia to the maneuverings
of the assorted Heretic cults, Wraith stories are ripe for sus-
pense and intrigue. The Circle could be pawns in a Hierarchy
plot or spies for a Renegade camp. One Deathlord could be
using the characters in his plotting against another, or perhaps
the undeclared war of the Guilds sweeps the characters up in
its tendrils. In a world where Masquers can change faces and
Harbingers can quite literally pop out of nowhere, paranoia
tules and few are trusted. Fetters and loved ones are often tar-
gets in subversive wars between Restless factions, so stories can
center around fending off assaults on these targets. On the other
hand, it could be that the players are the plotters, attempting
to subvert the local Citadel or perhaps Stygia itself.

Mystery: Let's face it, the Underworld isn't anything like
any heaven or hell imagined. Just finding out what's what,
who's who and how anything works for the dead can be an
intriguing story in and of itself. After all, there are no manu-
als waiting for new ghosts on the other side, and many wraiths
are forced to flee their Reapers. This propels them into a voy-
age of discovery as to what they are and what they can be-
come, for good or ill.

Triumph: There are those ghosts who are undaunted by
death, who have literally stared into the abyss and have walked
away, stronger for what they have learned. Death does not
mean an end to victory; battles, contests and struggles can be
won across the Shroud. The triumph can be as small as rescu-
ing a stray cat or as great as leading the forces that sweep a
Byway clear of Spectres, but what is important is the sense of
accomplishment, even in the face of Oblivion.

200 Wraith: The Oblivion
Cea SOS

ae

80

Suspension of Disbelief

Lifting your players away from the mundane and everyday
is a necessity for good Storytelling. While the world of Wraith
is complex and fascinating, it is ultimately an artificial one that
has been crafted for your use. It takes belief on the part of your
players to imagine themselves as part of that world. By taking
the part of wraiths seriously, they have to accept the reality of
those wraiths' world and try to step away from their own.

With that in mind, it is important to keep from shattering
the distance that Wraith creates from the real world. Every
ring of a telephone in the background, every time a rules
squabble forces books to be opened and referenced, every time
someone quotes a favorite movie out of character once the story
starts — all of these destroy the necessary separation from static
reality that good storytelling demands. For as long as the game
lasts (and not a minute longer), your players and you have to
believe and immerse yourselves in what you're doing. Other-
wise instead of an interactive experience, your story becomes
exactly that: a story, to be listened to, critiqued and judged,
instead of something to be participated in and co-created.

Tragedy

In classical times, tragedy was defined as the rise of a hero
with but a single flaw, and the hero's inevitable fall as the flaw
was exploited by circumstance, foes or Fate. That definition has
broadened over the years, but at the core is still the notion of
something good inevitably being destroyed by its own weaknesses.

Tragedy of this sort is an important component of Wraith.
Each wraith's tragic flaw is personified by her Shadow, and
much of the conflict in a Wraith story consists of the
character's struggle against the supposedly inevitable victory
of Oblivion. It is not so important in the end as to whether
each individual wraith wins or loses, but rather how she faces
the encroaching darkness.

Tragedy is not synonymous with failure, and a good tragic
Wraith story can be as enjoyable and rewarding as a solid Spec-
tre-stomping. The regret, missed chances and emotional loss that
are such an integral part of tragedy are also central to Wraith.
Justas the game as a whole is about trying to make good on those
errors, so can a specific story focus on a wraith's attempts to rec-
tify his mistakes, even if the world tells him that it's too late.

Horror, Terror and Fear

For the horror eats light and digests it into darkness.

— Thomas Ligotti, "Professor Nobody's Little Lectures
on Supernatural Horror"

Many people use these three terms interchangeably,
which is inaccurate. All three are important, distinct aspects
of Wraith, and each has a meaningful place within a chronicle.
By emphasizing one or another, you can give your story a wide
range of moods.

pl < e—~
a YN SS
BSS Sess


¢ Fear — Probably the broadest category of the three, fear
has no implications other than the obvious. While specific fears
and their sources can be subtle, fear itself is broadly defined as the
negative anxiety brought on by anticipation of unpleasant events.
Fears are often directed at singular objects, people or places, and
can manifest in a variety of ways, from psychotic rage to flight.

Most people actually enjoy fear on some level. That's why
we read scary stories, ride roller coasters and go to haunted
houses. The adrenaline rush of a fear-inducing stimulus, no
matter what it is, can be quite pleasant, provided it is in a con-
trolled environment where the thing inducing fear isn't a real
threat. In Wraith, this means presenting threats that are real
to the characters and real enough to thrill your players while
still making the scene "safe" enough for them to enjoy the rush.

¢ Terror — Terror differs from horror in that it permits
some hope. It is more of a visceral reaction than an intellec-
tual one, a primal fear in direct response to a threat that is
manifest. Everything from the misshapen shadow on the wall,
to lumbering footsteps in the hallway, to a monstrous crea-
ture charging hungrily down a corridor can inspire terror. In
simple terms, terror can be equated with the fight-or-flight
reaction, with one caveat: the possibilities of escape or vic-
tory are still held out as real. Terror may inspire you to flee,
but by doing so you think you have a chance to escape. Terror
may encourage you to fight the monster by allowing you to
think that there's even a slim chance that you can kill it. So

TKN

HWY

nw

long as it hasn't been conclusively proved that the situation
is hopeless, the emotion that gets inspired is terror.

¢ Horror — Horror is based on violation and hopelessness.
It is a gut reaction to an intellectual understanding of a situation,
a physical response to the moment when the boundary of what is
safe and acceptable gets crossed emphatically. Anything from the
sight of blood to something much, much worse can inspire horror.
It all depends upon what the observer considers to be safe, and
how much it takes to destroy that conception of safety.

Violation is at the core of horror. If one looks at viola-
tion as the moment when a boundary is crossed, then the
door is opened for all sorts of violations — physical (assault,
murder, mutilation, rape, Moliation, etc.), mental (things that
cannot and should not be, the direct contradiction of a
character's view of reality) and emotional (betrayal, abandon-
ment, torture, etc.) — to inspire horror.

The other a

inability of a cl

ect of horror is its sense of finality and the

er to change it. If terror is the moment
when the monster charges down the hall, horror is the in-

stant you discover your feet are rooted to the spot. While you
obviously don't want your players to feel helpless, horror can
still be an important part of your chronicle. The nightmare
architecture of Stygia, the half-glimpsed titanic shadow in
the waters of the Byway, forced viewership at a soulforging or
Moliation, the impression of vast power available but not used
— all of these are effective uses of horror within a chronicle.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 201


When to Stop

There is a world of difference between playing on a
character's fears and doing the same to a player. While inevita-
bly everyone puts a little of themselves into their character,
that doesn't make them fair game for your in-story events and
terrors. Wraith, with Harrowings directed at probing a
character's psychological weak spots, can occasionally provide
instances when the line between character and player gets
blurred. Something which is intended to be a test of the charac-
ter can rapidly become a test of the player as well, particularly in
cases where the player strongly identifies with his character and
puts a lot of his own fears and Passions into his character con-
cept. This situation can be decidedly unpleasant for all involved.
At its core, Wraith is a game, designed to be fun, and having
your psychological soft spots poked can be no fun at all.

The most important way to make sure things don't go
too far is to keep communication open. Keep an eye on
your players, and if they seem uncomfortable with the ac-
tion, ask them if they'd prefer that you stopped. Players
who have a problem with what's going on should tell you

Pre-

agreed safewords are also a good way to go, allowing you to

immediately, and you should heed their concerns

scale back the action without breaking out of character.
In the end, there has to be an element of trust between
you and your players. They have to trust that you won't abuse

the knowledge they give you about their phobias or fears,
and you have to trust them to be honest with you about
what is and isn't okay. Bringing real-life fears into a game
for story or effect purposes is acceptable so long as everyone
agrees that it's acceptable. The moment the consent stops,
the use of the fear-inspired story element should stop as well.

Romance

Romance is always a tricky subject for roleplaying.
Making certain that in-character interaction is kept sepa-
rate from the real world, trying to avoid sounding mawk-
ish, the delicate question of when to fade to black — these
are the difficulties in bringing romance into a game. They
are all serious issues, and all must be dealt with if you in-
tend to have a romantic thread to your game, but for that
very reason they are well worth resolving.

Wraiths are creatures of Passion, and among the stron-

gest passions we as human beings possess are those related

to love. Why should Passions of love not affect wraiths? It
is foolish to expect that death would eliminate so basic a
human need as romantic love; down the long centuries of
ghostly existence, a companion and helpmate could quite
literally save your soul.

With that in mind, romance can and should be <
tant part of your wraiths' existence. The trick is to let them

in impor-

discover it for themselves. Forced romance will have precisely
that feel to it: forced. Hurrying love is always a bad idea, and
doing so in-game is no exception. Patience is a virtue, as is hay-
ing empathy for what your characters want and will enjoy. The
best romantic plotlines are often not planned, simply develop-
ing from well-crafted characters who find themselves together.

Working romance into a chronicle can be done in a variety of
ways. A great many wraiths have Passions and Fetters related to
those they loved in life. The love that they felt and still feel for those
people is a central aspect of their existences. Romance across
the Shroud can be by turns comic and tragic, as a wraith whose
love is undying may have to watch her lover heal, pick up the
pieces and move on to a new relationship. On the other hand,
some lovers are not separated even by death, and while continu-
ing a romance with a wraith can be difficult, it can also be reward-
ing. Embody, Phantasm and other of the Arcanoi can give the
lovers a chance to be reunited, albeit briefly, but are those fleeting
moments enough to overcome the distance between living and dead?

There are also those wraiths who find each other in the
Underworld, where eternal love is a real possibility. Ifa wraith
still has feelings for someone yet alive and finds himself fall-
ing in love with another wraith, the confusion he feels can
fuel many stories and give his Shadow an opening with which
to work. Wraiths without Skinlands emotional attachments
who become involved may have things easier, as they deny
Oblivion through the sheer power of their love. Still, even in
the Underworld not every romance lasts, and with the temp-
tations of the Shadow omnipresent, it is only a pure and strong
love that survives long among wraiths.

Mood

If the theme of a story is its underlying concept, then the
mood is its underlying feel. The mood of the story should fit
the emotions you wish your players to experience, bringing
them into the story, rather than simply rolling dice and tak-
ing notes. Once you have established the mood, they will help
sustain it through roleplaying.

It is best to create the proper mind-set when you begin telling
your story, sometimes earlier. The players need to feel the change
from a social gathering of friends to the moment when their char-
acters come to life and their imaginations take over. Of course,
you can't snap your players into line like a taskmaster. They are
playing, after all, to interact with their friends, as well as partici-
pate in your story. Still, nothing can ruin your somber introduc-
tion more than an interruption to find out who wants what on
their pizza. Time the beginning of your story to the moment when
your players have settled down and are ready to go.

From the very beginning of your game session you need to
evoke your mood. Different moods and strengths will call for dif-
ferent introductions. Violent themes may call for loud heavy metal
music or just the crash of a book (not this one!). Sad, somber
stories may require soft classical music or speaking to the players in
a hushed whisper. However, you have to start establishing your

Props and Music

While the primary instrument you haye for
setting mood is your voice, other tools can be
helpful as well. Candles and soft lighting, old

|

books, gargoyle statuettes and other props can
be helpful in creating a visual setting that ech-
oes the dim world of Wraith. Still,

scene too cluttered can be dangerous. The props

stting the

should be there to accentuate the mood, not to
lraw your players' attention away from your story

Sound is just.as important in setting moo 1,
ind many Storytellers enjoy playing with mu
sic in the background. It is important not to let
the music get too loud, and not to use songs

1 which your players are too familiar. If the
music distracts or your wraiths start singing
along with the Cure, then it's being counter-
productive and pulling players' attention away

from the story you're telling.

mood early and let it grow. Sudden shifts in mood don't always
work, and they can break the spell for a great many players.

You'll want to decide on a mood for each story before
you start, though your players' actions might take you in some
unexpected directions. Among the types of mood that are best
for Wraith are:

Brooding: Even the air thickens with the coming danger,
while offering no tangible threat for the wraiths to combat.
Events transpire too slowly for the characters, and their en-
emies move inexorably against them. Perhaps they have heard
news of an impending Spectre assault, but no one at the Cita-
del will heed their warnings, or it could be that they are bound
and enthralled, awaiting their turns at the forge. Trapped be-
tween the pressure to act and the restrictions laid on doing so,
the characters will be caught up in the ever-growing tension.

Romance: Hope and beauty conquer all, even death.
Despite the worst Oblivion has to offer, even ghosts can find
love in their new existences. The players should feel hopeful,
and even happy, yet uncertainty should always play a role in
any romantic story.

Tragic Romance: Unlike its hopeful counterpart, this mood
concentrates on sadness and longing. Love has been lost and can
never be recovered, or a new love has been discovered to b
sham. Regret, misery, fear and longing can all be evoked in your
players in a tragic tale of love gone wrong. As old flames are
corrupted by Oblivion (perhaps to resurface as Doppelgangers)
and new loves are revealed as Hierarchy spies or amoral Reapers,
love misused can become the basis for many Wraith tales.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 203


Mysterious: Secret whispers, foggy Shadowland streets and
labyrinthine tunnels under Stygia's great towers can help make
mystery one of the best options for a ghost story. After all, there
is much that the wraiths do not know about their unliving exist-
ences, and by emphasizing how much they don't understand,
you can spur them to voyages of discovery.

Mystery in the classic film noir sense also works well with
Wraith. Street-level intrigues, beautiful tormented souls, seedy
afterlife hangouts and shadowy political organizations lurking in
the background can emphasize the characters' heroic nature by
pitting them in stark contrast to the Underworld around them.

Excitement: Nonstop action and melodrama can become
part of any Wraith story. The quick pace and imminent danger
create suspense and thrills, as immediate successes lead to imme-
diate gratification, but the price of failure can be terrible. Spec-
tre raids, races against time to save Fetters or rescue comrades
from the forges, and other stories can all be run without allowing
the characters a moment to catch their figurative breaths.

Lighthearted: Even the Restless sometimes know peace. The
characters seek out friendly encounters or play practical jokes on
the living. The characters can rest and recover; the players can relax
and have a little fun with their Arcanoi. With the intense emo-
tional pressure of many Wraith chronicles, sometimes it can be
helpful to lighten the mood to provide contrast and recuperation.

Chronicle

There is no final curtain; this is not a stage

Can you read what's written on this blackened page?

— Steven Brust & Adam Stemple, "Blackened Page"
ust as individual chapters are bound up
into a book, individual stories get strung
together to make a chronicle. By placing
the separate tales you tell within the
framework of something larger, you gain
the opportunity to create larger plots, con-
nect disparate events and characters, and
increase the scale and scope of your Wraith game.

Among the most important things a chronicle provides is
continuity. A sinister Solicitor who appears in one story can be an
adequate villain, but over the course of a chronicle you can also
bring in his employer, the reasons he was hired, his Guildmates,
Hierarchy soldiers looking for information on this ghostly crimi-
nal and more. While there wouldn't be space to develop all of
this in a single game session, the wider canvas of the chronicle
gives you more sessions with which to expand your ideas.

Getting Started

The first thing you need in creating a chronicle is a basic
idea, which you should have well in hand before the first player
starts creating her character. Since the World of Darkness is
an extension, albeit a bleak one, of our own world, ideas for

204 Wraith: The Oblivion
Fe OIG, SS Yo "
jai ee Sa (Ss SS o oS KA
—— SE part = es SS Ser.

stories can come from anywhere around you. This morning's
paper might have an intriguing article on a historical figure
who could make a good wraith, or the latest New Age maga-
zines might have some interesting theories on life after death
that might inspire a Heretic cult. Plus, as the Underworld re-
flects the Skinlands, a traumatic event that makes the morning's
headlines could well have devastating echoes in the
Shadowlands. On the other hand, coming up with a wraithly
explanation for a news story could also kick-start a story idea.

The basics needed for a story are the answers to the fol-
lowing questions: who is involved, where does it take place,
and where will it lead the characters? The first question should
get you thinking about what sort of characters you will be
playing as Storyteller, and how they'll react to the players.
Other wraiths? Spectres? The Quick? Knowing and preparing
the characters your wraiths will meet goes a long way.

Figuring out where the story takes place is also important.
Is your tale Shadowlands based, or does it occur in Stygia itself?
Is there a particular haunt or Necropolis at the heart of it? Will
the wraiths be required to breach the Shroud? The answer to
this question helps you prepare your chronicle's setting.

Finally, there is the question of where will your story lead
the characters. Every action has consequences, every villain has
allies or friends, and no good deed goes unpunished. Even if you're
only planning to play Wraith with these characters once, laying
groundwork for potential future sessions can help you focus on
what you want to have happen during the first one.

Long-Term Commitment or One-Night Stand?

Stories can exist as part ofa long-term chronicle or stand alone
as "one-shots." A chronicle story has the advantage of long-term
continuity, as well as access to a larger base of background material
which has developed previously over the length of your chronicle.
This wealth of material fleshes out your world and helps you to find
firm footing should the players stray from the path you've blazed for
them. On the other hand, extended chronicles do have drawbacks
as well. In order to enforce continuity, each individual story needs
to fit into the course of the chronicle's pre-existing plotline. This
limits your ability to affect events and characters drastically without
trashing your back history and plot. Plus, there is always the spectre
of continuity errors, because if your world becomes inconsistent ("Last
week you said he wasn't a Monitor!"), your players will cease to trust
you. Still, the intricacies and opportunities of running long-term.
chronicles make them well worth the effort.

The alternative to a chronicle is the so-called one-shot
story. With a one-shot, the players create characters whose
game-play lifespan lasts as long as the game session. This al-
lows you to avoid the long-term commitment to a long, drawn-
out chronicle and instead focus on one particular idea. This
also saves preparation time; you only need to create a few hours'
worth of setting, characters and plot for a single evening's game.
The main trade-off resides in the loss of background material
and development time; everything needs to be introduced, de-
veloped and resolved over the course of one game session.

Sa aeneee
Here or There

Wraith exists as part of the Gothic-Punk World of Dark-
ness. Its setting finds its origins in the darkest corners of our ac-
tual world, but that doesn't mean that the game can't remove
itself completely from our world and take you into the murky
shadows of the Underworld. When designing your story, one
of the first things you need to decide is where to set the
stage. While you can always change this decision later on,
your initial setting will greatly influence the type of story
you tell. There are two major choices: the Shadowlands
and its associated Skinlands, or within the Tempest, which
includes Stygia, the Far Shores, the Labyrinth and the other
Dark Kingdoms. Of course, stories will move from place to
place, as most involve some sort of journeying, but the fo-
cus of most tales will usually be one of these two.

The Shadowlands exist just beyond the Shroud between
life and death. Here the characters can interact with the Quick
to the best of their ability, and have the advantage of being
able to see and guard their remaining connections to life. Sto-
ries set in the Shadowlands will usually involve the members
of the Circle with Passions, Fetters and the dilemmas of the
living. Interaction with other supernatural entities, such as
mages or werewolves, also becomes possible in the
Shadowlands, allowing you to tie Wraith more firmly to the
rest of the World of Darkness.

Within the Tempest, Wraith stories take on a very differ-
ent aspect. The Tempest and its environs, even such suppos-
edly friendly places as Stygia, are alien and incomprehensible
to many souls. Just acclimating to this other world can take
some wraiths several stories. Plus, there are the inhabitants of
this new world — Spectres, Tempest-dwellers, aged wraiths
who have long since seen their Fetters turn to dust — who
will expect very different things of the characters than the
local beat Legionnaire might. There also exist other Deadlands
that the characters might journey to or receive visitors from.
The clash of cultures, beliefs and metaphysics that this set-
ting presents may not have the grittiness of a Skinlands
chronicle, but offers a grandeur and scope that more localized
chronicles might not have.

Stories will often cross back and forth through all of these
settings, though when you begin it is a good idea to stick to one
location for a while so the players have a chance to get accli-
mated. Their characters will need a place to call home. Famil-
iar faces and places will help your players visualize your world,
and give them the confidence to explore wider horizons.

qhe Bad Guys

All stories need antagonists, someone against whom the
protagonists must act and move. Not all antagonists have to
be villains per se, but by adding characters who oppose the
players' every move, you create tension and excitement
within your chronicle. An unopposed victory is merely a
task completed; an opposed victory is a triumph.

oF


chronicle like a good primary antagonist, someone whom play-
ers and characters alike love to hate. The enemies in your sto-
ries can be numerous or powerful, but they should be challeng-
ing and complex. The best antagonists make us question our
own moral code by seeming to be the most hideous of monsters
but turning out to be just like us in the end, or vice versa.

Generally, you will have one arch-villain, a main antagonist
for your chronicle. In order to make him memorable, you should
completely detail his every aspect. After all, he's your number one
agent and voice. He drives the story, either from behind the scenes
or right in front of the characters' faces, and should have as many
goals, quirks and complexities as the main characters. In order for
the players to truly hate their adversary, he should be as close to
human as possible, or at least as realistic as possible. If they hate
your antagonist, they care about him enough to expend real emo-
tion on him, and that means that you've succeeded.

The villain of your story should have more depth than any
other character you create. friend or foe, and part and parcel of
this is his appearance. A detailed description of every aspect brings
your villain to life in your players' minds. Your players should
know exactly what to imagine when facing their nemesis, from
what shoes the monster wears to how he parts his hair.

Your ability to roleplay the antagonist will inspire the great-
est emotional impact on your players. Don't depend on amaz
ing statistics or a hugely complex background to do the job. In
a play or movie, the look and style of a villain can inspire fear

Wraith: The Oblivion

by themselves. In a story, you must create verbally the visual
aspect of the villain, but his true emotional effect develops with
the personality of your character. Give your villain some style
and quirks, so that after a few encounters a tag line or a calling
card (such as the miniature Catherine wheels members of the
Solicitors' Guild roll past their victims) will announce your
villain's presence as effectively as a formal introduction.

Your antagonist will have as many, if not more, goals than the
players themselves. Tension between characters and antagonist
arises when the villain and the characters end up on opposite sides
of a conflict, as the classic antagonist diametrically opposes every-
thing the characters represent. On a simplistic level, he is in the
wrong simply because the characters disagree with him. However,
a villain of true depth has his own motives which may not be evil,
orat least not evil in his own mind. In essence, the antagonist is as
important as any of the players' characters, and should be created
with the same care and complexity as the protagonists themselves.

Title

Most stories, poems, plays, movies and other narratives
have titles. Why should your chronicle be any different? In
addition to serving as an easy way to organize what you're do-
ing, a title crystallizes and sums up a chronicle. A well-chosen
title can evoke the mood of the story you're running even be-
fore your players sit down at the table, while a poorly chosen
one can spark derisive laughter and serve to break any mood
you're trying to create. Generally, simple titles work the best.


— e
Who s Driving?

Chronicle plots fall into two categories: story-driven and
character-driven. Both types have inherent advantages and

disadvantages, and both are equally good ways to get a Wraith
chronicle going.

Story-driven plots tend to be more linear, and require
you to plan out what's going to happen well in advance. In a
story-driven chronicle, the events are what determine the
action. The plans and actions of the antagonists are the focus
of the chronicle; the resolution is based on whether the char-
acters succeed or fail at foiling their enemies' plots. Story-
driven plotlines are relatively simple to run, as you don't have
to depend on the players to advance the plot. If they wait for
the action to come to them, their enemies just get stronger.
The disadvantage of story-driven plots, though, is their struc-
ture. If the players do something to upset the preplanned
events, a story-driven chronicle can derail very quickly.

One of the most important parts of a story-driven chronicle
is the villain. He can't be too strong, or the players will either
give up or get their characters massacred. On the other hand, if
he's too weak, the characters win a victory that's too easy. It's
often best to start a chronicle with an idea of what you want your
antagonist to be able to do, then adjust his abilities up or down
after he meets the characters for the first time. This way, you
have an accurate gauge of his power relative to the characters'.

Character-driven plots are more difficult, as they lack the
simple structure of story-driven plotlines. While there is an
ultimate goal to be reached in this sort of story, the path to
that goal is much more nebulous, and is delineated only by
what makes sense for the characters to do. Passions and Fet-
ters are good ways of determining what will motivate players
to go after the goal you've set. Good roleplayers tend to fol-
low up on hints in this direction; beginners may require the
impetus of a potential reward or a threat to property or loved
ones. Characters you control who are allied to the players are
good tools for propelling this sort of plot forward; if the play-
ers are stuck, you have a built-in way to give them a gentle
nudge forward again. After all, it's in the best interest of the
characters you're playing if they succeed...

Use of the carrot and stick method of motivating characters
has to be balanced. If you offer too many rewards without fear of
punishment, the characters' power level will rise rapidly and they'll
get used to being rewarded for being balky. On the other hand,
mete out enough punishments without respite, and either you'll
run out of things to threaten or the players will get rebellious.

Once the characters are actually moving in the right di-
rection, you need to throw a few obstacles in their way. En-
counters, rough terrain or Maelstroms, Spectre attacks or the
lack of a crucial piece of knowledge all serve as obstacles for
the Circle to overcome.

The main drawback to character-driven plots is that they
can meander. Furthermore, there is often temptation for the vari-
ous members of the Circle to go their own separate ways to fol-

low their own agendas. This can make for frustrating game ses-
sions as just two or three players at a time take turns playing,
leaving the others out of what's going on until the scene switches
to the characters (or Shadows) that they play. When character-
driven plots work well, though, they have all of the excitement
of story-driven plots with the added sense of accomplishment on
the part of the players for driving the story instead of being driven.

Chronicle Concepts

Every chronicle starts with a general idea of who the char-
acters are and what they're up to. Some of the basic ones are:

¢ Secret Agent Dead Man — The Underworld isa cauldron
of intrigue and plotting, often for its own sake. Older wraiths are
always looking for new pawns; Lemures are constantly seeking ways
to gamer favor and attention from wraiths in power. The charac-
ters could very easily get drawn into the complex workings of
wraithly politicking and intrigue. Between the Guilds, the
Deathlords, the Renegades and the Heretics, there are always

employers willing to hire wraiths for special assignments. Success-
fully completed, these could lead to bigger and better things, or
they could attract the ire of some very powerful enemies.

© The Gang— Now members of the Restless Dead, the Circle
sticks together for protection. Alternately, the wraiths may not
have known each other in life, but have come together because of
a mutual interest like a shared Haunt or political ideology.

To the majority of the dead, the Circle is a bunch of no-
account hoodlums starting unnecessary trouble in the after-
life. As for the wraiths, they just want to have a good time
with their immortality and maybe carve out a small section of |

Staying Together

Passions, Fetters and Harrowings can make it
very easy for a Circle of wraiths to get separated. It
is generally best when the entire Circle is acting

ether. It allows for more intercharacter

laying, keeps everyone involved in the ac-
tion and saves wear and tear on your creative fac-
ulties as you don't have to keep switching scenes
between four or five wandering wraiths.

The easiest way to keep a Circle together is to
present a threat that has targeted the entire Circle
It only makes sense that there's safety in numbers,
ind if the wraiths stick together there's less chance
that their enemy will pick them off one by one.
More advanced methods for keeping Circles to-
gether go back to character creation. Creating in-
terlocking histories or even shared Passions and

Fetters works well to tie characters together

Chapter Seven: Storytelling


town for themselves. The politics of the Hierarchy do not in-
terest them, and Transcendence is above their heads.

Renegade gangs might find such spirited wraiths to be the
perfect new recruits, or could see them as potential rivals. Her-
etics could see potential converts or blasphemers to be exter-
minated. The Hierarchy probably wants to wipe the Circle out,
and won't hesitate to use excessive force to do so. The territory
the gang occupies could have interest for a rival gang or a Gaunt,
putting the characters, friendless, on the spot.

¢ Take Me Higher — The Circle could be seeking Tran-
scendence. Such spiritual peace is not easily found, and the
Shadow is sure to fight the process kicking and screaming ev-
ery step of the way. Resolved Passions no longer feed a wraith
Pathos; how do the Circle members ensure their survival while
finishing up their business on earth, and what do their fellow
wraiths think of what they're doing?

© Refugees — The Circle got kicked out of the last
Necropolis, and now seeks a new home. The Restless are even
more protective of their homes than they were in life, and
have no sympathy for strangers. Perhaps the Hierarchy hunts
them, ora particularly persistent Spectre has reserved for them
a special place in its heart.

The characters must depend on each other for survival.
Existing on the underside of the Underworld, every character's
skills will be tested. Travel between Necropoli or through the
Tempest can be fraught with peril, and the pressures of wraithly
survival may be the only thing keeping the Circle together.
The focus of the story centers on the hardships of not having
a home and on the dangers and difficulties of being hunted.

Fear and paranoia will drive the wraiths from place to
place in search of a home. Of course, wraiths on the run don't
have much time to tend their Fetters, and their enemies may
well take advantage of this fact. Conversely, the characters
may decide to cut and run entirely, taking their chances in
one of the other Dark Kingdoms.

* Slave Rebellion — The same Reaper harvests all of
the characters, and they must cooperate in order to escape.
First they must find a way to slip free from their Stygian chains
while avoiding being forged — or worse. Once they have got-
ten away, where do they go? What resources do they find, and
is anyone willing to help a bunch of runaway Lemures?

If your chronicle begins this way, the characters will need
to explore their fascinating and terrifying new world. Since
they have no allies, they will need to learn the Shadowlands
and its surrounding geography for themselves. When they fi-
nally understand what and where they are, they will probably
wonder what keeps them there. When they discover their
anchors will they be thankful, or try to free themselves from
the earthly bond? This chronicle focuses on exploration of
the world and the nature of being Restless.

* Perfect Faith — Dedicated to one of the three major
sects, the characters follow strict orders, at least at first. Each
group will have more than enough for a Circle of dedicated

208 Wraith: The Oblivion

wraiths to do, but prolonged contact with the "enemy" might
lead the wraiths to question some of what they're doing. De-
ceptively simple, this sort of chronicle is good for new players
to help them get their feet wet, as it were, while still allowing
them to explore and make their own choices as to what they
want out of their afterlives.

© Platoon — In life, the wraiths were members of the
military, possibly the same unit. In death, they continue to
ply their trade of choice. Then again, many wraiths are drafted
into the Legions' armored ranks or Heretic military gangs post
mortem, and military existence is a brutal fact for huge num-
bers of wraiths. They might work for the Hierarchy or against
it. They could be well-trained Legionnaires, protecting their
Necropolis from Spectre assaults and generally keeping the
peace. Or they could be a Renegade troupe running a guer-
rilla war against a particularly oppressive batch of Anacreons.
These wraiths thrive on danger and excitement, finding death
only bearable if existence is on the line. They are driven by
loyalty, devotion and duty, and find companionship only from
each other. Cogs in the great military machine, they know
their place and are comfortable with its risks.

* Unfinished Business — An entire chronicle can re-
volve around the characters' relationship with the living
world. Their Fetters draw them back time and time again.
Unable to resist, the wraiths continue to watch over and pro-
tect their loved ones or their most prized possessions. They
continually force themselves through the pain of seeing their
old lives without being able to contact them. The characters
watch as their old lovers start new relationships or their chil-
dren grow up without them.

The chronicle should be about more than just idle regret
or longing. Something might threaten their Fetters, forcing
the characters into action. Perhaps the conspiracies that slew
acharacter in the first place now move against her family and
friends, or a character's killer might still lurk in the shadows
stalking more victims. The wraiths may still be addicted to
earthly pleasures. Drugs, alcohol or sex can all be experienced
vicariously by wraiths who have passions for such things, par-
ticularly with the help of Puppetry. Plus, there are other pow-
ers in the Skinlands: vampires, Garou, mages and other be-
ings, all of whom might have plans for the Circle.

On the other hand, the Circle may have decided to seek
Transcendence; and the wraiths are attempting to Resolve
their Passions and Fetters. The process of saying good-bye is
never easy, and the living might not want to let go, either.

© Rise to Power — The desire for power and glory still
drives many wraiths even centuries after their deaths. The char-
acters are at the bottom of the societal totem pole, and want to
climb. After all, the higher you are, the less likely you are to end
up in the forges. On the other hand, perhaps they just enjoy the
game. The characters go to great lengths to move up in the ranks
of their sect, using their greed and passion for power to push
weaker wraiths aside. Political maneuvering and intrigue gives


meaning to their eternal existence. Complications will arise
when they make too many enemies or step on too many toes.
The characters' desire for power must be balanced with their
fear of their enemies. Great rewards require great sacrifice. How
much are the wraiths willing to give up? What will they do
once they reach their desired position, and will it all have been
worth it? As the characters defeat their enemies and rise in
power, so too will their Shadows grow, feeding off the greed
and desire that fuel their ascent.

© Vision Quest — One of the characters' allies or one of
the characters themselves possesses strong powers of Fatalism.
Using her ability, she has seen an impending calamity that will
soon lay waste the Shadowlands or the Skinlands, and only the
Circle can avert the disaster. Loved ones or Fetters hang in the
balance, and the characters must succeed. The quest to find a
solution to this dilemma can take them to the Shadowlands,
Tempest or even the Far Shores, while at every turn other
wraiths scoff and the agents of catastrophe seek to waylay them.
Can the characters find the answer in time, and if they do, can
they do what is needed to stop the threat?

¢ That's Entertainment — In life the characters were
on the fast-track to fame and fortune, but somehow their
lives were cut short just at the brink of success. Perhaps the
Circle was a band or a tight-knit group of young actors who
were just about to be discovered, or maybe they sublimated
their love for the arts in life but can't deny it in death. They

could also come from different walks of life, drawn together
by their common misfortune. In any case, the characters have
decided to call on their talents and use them in the Under-
world. They might start a traveling troupe of performers or
open a theater of some kind. Their passion for art and cre-
ativity binds them, while their talent wins them a place
among the Restless. Can they regain their fame in the world
of the dead? Will their success feel the same in the Under-
world, and what of the voices of censorship, just as loud across_}
the Shroud? There are toes to step on and powers that be to ¢
offend among the dead as well. And that's not even count- 4
ing the potential competition from Sandmen, Chanteurs, )
Masquers and Doppelgangers....

* Ancient History — Not everyone in the Underworld }
died recently. The juxtaposition of wraiths from 20, 50 or
hundreds of years ago with the modern Underworld can have
some interesting effects. As the wraiths struggle to fit in with
what their afterlives have become, there is inevitable con-
flict. Other, more powerful wraiths may wish to turn back
the clock, and it's up to the characters to decide which side
they're on in that struggle.

Then again, you might want to switch the setting to a
historical period. World War I, the French Revolution, the
Roman Empire — the choice is yours. Just make sure you've
created enough of a background and done enough research to
make your historical setting seem real.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling

ory

You want to hear a story? True story? Stories always used to

good payment

— Neil Gaiman, "Murder Mysteries"
hile grand chronicle ideas are all well and
good, there still remains the problem of
individual chapters, or stories. Every
evening's play needs to have a sense of clo-

to be self-
contained with a plot and a resolution.

sure to it, as each story nee

a

grand plot of your chronicle while still allowing players

Ideally, your story will advance the

freedom of choice. If they sense they are being tugged along
against their will, the chronicle will cease to be enjoyable.
Each story, then, has to take the players where you want
them to go, but also has to make them want to go there. It
need not directly advance the metaplot of your chronicle,
but in some way it should help the characters develop to-
ward your ultimate goal

A few sample story ideas are provided below. Use them
as jumping-off points.

© Getting There From Here — The characters have a
pressing reason for being someplace else. Maybe they need to

get across town for a big meeting of Renegade gangs, or their
Deathlord has summoned them to Stygia. Regardless, travel
in the Underworld is always difficult. Other wraiths, S
and the living can prove tremendous obstacles to simple travel,

and there's always the chance that someone doesn't want the
characters to make the trip in one piece.

Sightseeing — There's much to see and do among the
Restless. Stygia is a tourist attraction as well as a working city,
but it's not always easy to get — or survive — there.
Doppelgangers and slavers haunt the streets of the Undercity,
and innocent bystanders can get caught in the crossfire when
political struggles get nasty.

On the other hand, maybe the wraiths want to see sights
even more exotic. The Far Shores, the Tempest, other
Deadlands, even the Labyrinth beckon to particularly adven-
turous (or suicidal) wraiths. You never know what you'll run
into in the Underworld, but odds are it will be interesting.

© Serve and Protect — One of the character's Fetters
has come under immediate threat. Perhaps his parents have
decided to sell off his beloved baseball card collection, scat-
tering the cards to the four winds, or a living Fetter has been
targeted and must be protected from inimical forces. The
wraith (and his Circlemates) must spring into action to save
what he loves, even if it means violating the Dictum Mort-
uum. The consequences for getting caught are bad, the price
of failure is far worse...

© It's a Twister! — There are Maelstroms and there are
Great Maelstroms, but even the small ones are terrifying.
When the storm gongs start to sound and the Tempest winds
whip up, it's often every wraith for himself. Can the Circle
find shelter, and will it be able to repel the Spectral assault
that rides the storm's winds? What if one member of the Circle
doesn't make it inside, and what effect will the storm have on
the local Shadowlands?

* Save My Soul — A friend, ally or even a Circlemate
has been caught by slavers and is destined for the forges. The
Circle has a limited amount of time before their friend be-
comes a nightstand or something equally useful, and the op-
position from the Artificers and the Hierarchy is certain to
be fierce.

© War of the Guilds — The Guilds are still a real and
powerful force in the Deadlands, no matter how loudly the
Hierarchy denies it. Caught up in struggles centuries old, the
Guilds are always looking for new recruits to throw at their
enemies. Advanced Arcanoi and lost arts can be a tempting
bribe to get wraiths moving in the right direction, but more
than one Guild may be trying to entice members of the Circle.

 Firebase Necropolis — The Spectres are coming! The
Spectres are coming! This story is pure combat, with wave
after wave of Shadow-Eaten attacking the Circle's home. What
are the Spectres after, and how did the characters get so un-
lucky? Or is there more to this than just mindless rapacity,
and do the Spectres have some diabolical purpose in mind?

© Pest Control — Those pesky living can be a real pain,
particularly when they take over a place that has real mean-
ing to a wraith. Getting rid of the Quick can be a lot of fun,
assuming you don't get caught while you're at it. This sort of
story can be more lighthearted than many Wraith tales, al-
lowing players to stretch their imaginations and have a little
sadistic fun while they're at it.

Contlict

al f plot is the engine that drives a story, con-
f\ flict is the fire in the engine. Internal and
external struggles allow characters to
al) Progress, create narrative tension and gen-
erate excitement within your players'
Circle. While eternal combat can get
pointless quickly, chronicles based on
nothing but peaceful coexistence and quiet mediation can be

stultifyingly dull. Conflict livens up your chronicle and pro-
vides exclamation point-style emphasis to events.

Both internal and external conflict are vital to Wraith.
There's no shortage of external enemies in the Underworld:
Spectres, slavers, Hierarchs, Renegades, Heretics, angered
Ferrymen, exorcists, vampires and more. If a wraith wants to
pick a fight, or even if he wants to avoid one, there's usually

someone around willing to get violent in a hurry. By contrast,
there is the relentless conflict each wraith has with her
Shadow, a struggle which can be as violent as a barroom brawl
and just as spectacular.

Building a conflict can form the basis for your plotlines in
either your stories or your chronicles. The characters can start by
facing down small threats and obstacles, move on to dangerous or
even deadly dilemmas and eventually face the greatest threat in
the climax. Obstacles in your chronicle can come from many di-
rections, but ultimately they should also relate to your underlying
theme. Unattached, unrelated conflicts will seem chaotic and
poorly planned, unless your central theme is chaotic in nature.

Conflict can manifest in many different forms in a given {
story, even multiple forms at one time. The easiest, most obvi-
ous, type of conflict pits the characters against an enemy ina
physical confrontation: trashing a guard, outracing a Renegade
band, bushwhacking a Spectre. Those types of conflicts enter |
tain and are necessary for story development, as well as giving
your players confidence in their characters' capabilities.

Major conflicts inspire the deepest, strongest emotions: fear,
loathing, hate, love, horror. While physical conflict satisfies
the need to compete and overcome, deeper conflicts satisfy a
basic need to express and experience our emotions. Involving
ourselves with characters we sympathize with, we experience
these emotions vicariously. Wraith stories bring out these emo-
tions by pitting the characters against powerful foes, inexhaust-
ible Spectres and the most potent opponent of all, the Shadow.
Memorable villains that cannot simply be defeated in combat
will stir hatred and fear. Unknowable Tempest spirits and Spec-
tres horrify. The characters may find love or lose it, and must
triumph on battlefields of the mind and the heart.

The following lists basic conflicts that can be used in any
Wraith story. Many of them may be at work simultaneously
as you weave your tale, as each character always has unique
motivations and goals. Any of these conflicts can be the cen-
tral focus for a plotline in either a story or a chronicle.

© Wraith vs. Hierarchy — A wraith, with or without

her allies, defies the colossal bureaucracy of the Hierarchy. i

The corrupt Restless officials rake in their oboli and soulcrafted
treasures. The lower class gets stepped upon or soulforged for {
the pleasure of the powerful. The sheer inhumanity of the (
situation calls out for response. Viva la muerte revolution!

© Wraith vs. Heretics — Some wraiths become religious
zealots who will stop at nothing to make converts, or to eradicate
opposing faiths. The characters may be targets for indoctrination,
or may have some differing opinions within their own Circle.
Multiple groups of Heretics may seek out the characters, leading
to some violent consequences as the bidding for souls gets nasty.

© Wraith vs. Renegades — Whether dedicated revolu-
tionaries or a bunch of hellbound undead bikers, Renegades
are always dangerous to be around. The characters could be
Renegades swept up in a gang war, or Hierarchs sent out to
sweep the Necropolis clean of Renegade taint. No matter
what, it isn't going to be pretty.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling

ey,


* Circle vs. Circle — Circles often involve themselves
in turf wars; Haunts are hard to come by, and resources in the
Shadowlands are scarce. Wraiths might share Fetters with
opposing Circles, or a Fetter may be in danger because of a
rival. These conflicts can quickly escalate into major affairs
as each group pulls in allies, calls in favors and attracts the
attention of the local powers that be. On the other hand, the
lords of the Underworld often set groups of ghosts against each
other, fighting over meager treasures for even smaller rewards.

The competition can also be a healthy exercise in artistic
or physical abilities. Team competitions take up time in a never-
ending existence. Anything from a Shadowland game of base-
ball, to endurance races in the Tempest, to scavenger hunts in
the local Citadel ("Five oboli says you chickenshit Renegades
can't nab the Anacreon's nameplate from his desk!") is a possi-
bility, all in the interest of good, clean, dead fun.

© Wraith ys. Wraith — Ghosts were once human and so
have human drives, goals and flaws. The number of reasons for
conflict between wraiths equals the number of reasons for regular
people to disagree, and your players will undoubtedly incorporate
this type of conflict into the story without any help from you at all.

Conflict from life may also come back to haunt a wraith.
Unfinished romances may rekindle in the Shadowlands, or a
wraith's murderer may be sucked into the Shadowlands along
with her victims. Childhood rivalries could resurface, or age-
old vendettas may be played out over and over again.

© Wraith vs. Vampire — Vampires have died, but remain
in the land of the living experiencing all that wraiths have lost.
Vampires are responsible for much of the violence and gloom in
the World of Darkness and, in many wraiths' eyes, this feeds
Oblivion. Ona more personal level, a wraith may have been the
victim of a vampire feeding or just an innocent bystander cut
down by rival factions in the bloodsuckers' eternal Jyhad.

Wraiths also hold secrets and powers to which vampires
demand access. The Tremere, masters of blood magic; the
Samedi, hideous zombielike vampires; and especially the
Giovanni, masters of necromancy, all have reason and power
to affect the Restless majority. The characters may be forced
to do the bidding of a vampire and become involved in her
petty schemes. Then again, the wraiths might seek vampiric
help in preserving their living Fetters for eternity, or could
hire themselves out to one side in a vampiric conflict.

¢ Wraith vs. Werewolf — While not as callous to the
plights of the Restless as the Kindred, werewolves are no less
responsible for many of the current residents in the
Shadowlands. Their battles against vampires and their un-
controllable tempers tend to rack up high body counts of in-
nocent bystanders, many of whom will never understand that
they were "Wyrm-tainted" and had to be destroyed for the
good of Gaia. A wraith may wish to exact personal vengeance
against a werewolf, either physically or mentally, and the lack
of access most Garou have to the Shadowlands can make this
sort of conflict one-sided at first.

Wraith: The Oblivion

¢ Wraith vs. Mage — The many mage factions and their
ability to warp reality can trap unwary wraiths in incomprehen-
sible situations of danger. Most mages, if they try hard enough, can
see and hear ghosts, and some are even aware of the status of the
Shadowlands. Occasionally, mages will trade information or fa-
vors for the same from a ghost. The mages of the Euthanatos Tra-
dition often take advantage of their connections to the Restless
Dead, and most even sojourn into the Shadowlands at some point.
On the other hand, the soulless Technocracy is trying to eradicate
wraiths from the entire paradigm of reality, and the foul Nephandi's
monstrous masters seem to take Oblivion as an inspiration.

© Wraith vs. Changeling — Just as small children have
never been taught to disbelieve the images they see of the
Shadowlands, many fae have never learned to not see the undead.
While they cannot freely interact with the Restless, the fae are
more aware than most of the ghostly presence in their world.
Unlike small children, however, changelings often have secret
motives for dealing with ghosts. Petty courtly disputes, practical
jokes or more dastardly intentions can drive a changeling to deal
with the Restless. Many wraiths learn to regret becoming in-
volved in the complex plots — or japes — of the changelings.

Sandmen, more than any other wraiths, come into con-
tact with the fae. Changelings, creatures of reality and dream
combined, draw Sandmen like the clichéd moth to the flame.
There is peril here, though, for while fae are rich sources of
inspiration, they also have potent defenses, and will go far to
avenge a real or imagined slight.

© Wraith vs. the Quick — Wraiths often try to interact with
the world of the living. Most people won't even realize a ghost is
even there, which can be convenient but also frustrating when a
wraith wants to make contact with the living. Construction on
the site of a potent Fetter; a killer stalking a loved one; a rival
succeeding where the ghost would have once been superior — all
of these can push a wraith into conflict with the living.

There are many organizations, such as the Inquisition or
the Arcanum, and individuals who make a concerted effort to
contact, analyze and categorize the Restless. Some of these
people simply wish to prove the existence of ghosts, while oth-
ers seek to enslave or destroy the "minions of evil" that the
Restless Dead obviously must be, to their way of thinking.

© Wraith vs. the Shadow — This most personal of all
the conflicts, the war between Psyche and Shadow is eternal
as long as the wraith exists. The Psyche's dark twin continu-
ally tries to destroy the self and drive the wraith into Oblivion,
but its blandishments cannot be easily shrugged off. Succumb-
ing to the Shadow means certain doom, but ignoring it is not
an option and sometimes a deal with the Devil is essential to
survival. Encourage your Shadowguides to participate actively
in the story. A triumph over an external foe is sweeter when
an internal one is defeated as well.

© Wraith vs. the Self — Not every intemal conflict needs to
involve the Shadow; every character probably has many more flaws
that don't personify themselves. Indecision, emotional crises, fear and

doubts can drive a character to madness or the Shadow's clutches. Re-
gret, jealousy, grief and guilt can bring out the worst in a personality.
Fighting against one's own flaws can be the central theme in a per-
sonal, thought-provoking story. One of each wraith's greatest enemies
lies in her own faults, and overcoming them can be its own reward.

© Wraith vs. the Unknown — The character doesn't know
what, let alone who, seeks his destruction. The mystery heightens the
fear, and the eventual confrontation can be as horrifying as necessary.

A more literal unknown can be found in the Tempest, which
houses creatures few have seen and returned to speak about. Such
beings as Tindelhounds, Kraken and the legendary Angelics can
be as perilous to a wraith as any Spectre.

© Wraith vs. Spectre — The Spectres exist as the antithesis to
everything the characters are and once were. Spectres have lost the
battle with Oblivion, becoming completely consumed by their Shad-
ows. They represent the easiest of antagonists to pit the characters
against, but one of the hardest to execute properly. The Spectre
embodies every worst nightmare the wraith has, serving as the ulti-
mate evil of the Shadowlands. You cannot overstate the depravity
or wickedness of these creatures. They serve Oblivion and seek only
destruction and new converts to their unholy cause — that is, when.
they don't feel like having some fun with their prey first.

Advanced Techniques

Is all that we see or seem

But a dream within a dream?
— Edgar Allen Poe, "A Dream within a Dream"

Sor here are more ways to tell a story than just
ho) ‘ straightforward narrative. The techniques
ed Nee J

)) listed below can be difficult, but the effects that

they can achieve are capable of adding tremen-

but if it works out, your story will rise to a whole new level.

lashbacks

By playing through the events in her character's history, a
player adds depth to her understanding of her alternate person-
ality. The character suffers, triumphs, fails, loves, loses and expe-
riences all the myriad of human events, including, ultimately,
death. A flashback opens a window to all these character experi-
ences, which normally would only be part of the character's his-
tory, not her reality. A Wraith story that flashes back to the
character's living days could move even the most jaded player.
The flashback could provide information that the character for-

got when crossing the Shroud, or could focus on the character's
death itself and what significance that has for her now.

dous depth and scope to your chronicle. Try-
ing things like flashbacks or parallel stories
requires planning and some fancy footwork,

You have the option to play outa flashback cooperatively with
your players. If the story centers on one character, and the other

characters weren't present at the time of the flashback's events,
ly
volved in the flashback scene. This keeps everyone involved,

the other players can eas the roles of characters in-

takes some of the workload off you, and adds spontaneity to
the sequence. Of course, you must control the ending, since
these events of the flashback have already transpired. The
player may introduce unique aspects of the story, but ultimately
the outcome has already been decided.

foreshadowing

The simplest and most subtle advanced technique, fore-
shadowing provides the players with a hint as to what is to
come. You can introduce elements into the story that seem
out of place or different, but which really look forward to
events that you have planned for later. By their very incon-
gruity, these elements will catch the players' attention and
get them thinking about what's coming as well as what's al-
ready here. For example, if you wish the characters to contact
werewolves before the climax, ghostly wolf howls might fol-

low them through the countryside. The destruction of an ally

might herald the peril for a character, if the two look alike or
share a common Fetter. Care should be taken to avoid mak-
ing your foreshadows too obvious. Abstract or ambiguous im-
ages make the best foreshadows, otherwise your players might
figure out what's going on before you want them to.

14 Wraith: The Oblivion

Dreams

Inthe eternal rest that comesafter death, what do the Restlessdream?
When a wraith dreams, she delves deeper into her subconscious mind
than when she lived. Unfortunately, the Shadow resides there as well.
Wraith dreams, akin in many ways to Harrowings, can take a wraith on
nightmare journeys into his most self-destructive inner thoughts.

The classic use of a dream sequence provides the players with

foggy clues conceming the current dilemma or premonitions of an
uncertain future, but these clues and hints can be gotten across in two
ways. First of all, you can turn the dream into a narrative you read to
the player in question, allowing her (and those dreaming with her —
quite possible when the Sandmen are involved) to draw her own
conclusions about what the dream means. The second technique is to
allow the player or players to take part in the sequence by playing it.

Describing the dream to the players puts the Storyteller in com-
plete control and allows her to add to the story without interference.
This sort of sequence can leave the players with more questions than
answers, but often provides some important clues. The dream points
the players in the right direction without solving any of their prob-
lems for them, and can be thought of as a sort of small-scale deus ex
machina, moving the characters along when they get stuck on their own.

Allowing the players to participate in the dream story adds
numerous complications but also opens new avenues. The play-
ers will want to explore regions of your dream world that you
deem unimportant. They will see subtext in things that you never

= OE

intended to have meaning. Most importantly, allowing the players to
participate keeps the action going. The entire game shouldn't stop
while you read off two paragraphs of prepared text. Instead, the players
get to uncover things on their own, making those discoveries more
valuable and keeping the players actively involved in gameplay.

Symbolism

Instories, things often represent more than what they suggest
at first glance. These symbols add meaning to your story and help
you express your theme. It is important to keep in mind that sym-
bols need to remain subtle. Overplaying your hand with a symbol
looks heavy-handed and ruins the effect.

Introduce your symbols in small ways. For instance, if a certain
supporting character is a wise advisor to the Circle, continually as-
sociate her with computers, owls or other icons of intellect. Linking
her toa key, amore subtle symbol, might not be noticed, and there's
nothing worse than having to point out your carefully planned sym-
bolism to your players because they weren't looking for the reference.

The best symbols are not easily recognizable, and there's
nothing that says that one item can't symbolize different things
at different times. Broken weapons could symbolize death or the
futility of war. Rain might represent impending doom ora cleans-
ing and nourishment. Your symbols should support the story, and
be as subtle as the theme. The rain might soak the characters,
but it should not drown them.

Parallel Stories

The characters have a limited perspective through which
they see your world. The players, on the other hand, have the
ability to see more, if you give them the opportunity. A simple
technique, similar to the dream sequence, is simply to let them
in on what else is happening. You can provide the players with a
story in which their characters have no direct involvement, but
which has obvious applications to their current situation. The
tale might come from a mentor or a newly discovered Artifact
book. It might just be a story overheard in a bar, or eavesdropped
from the Quick. You can even tell the players the story directly.

Or, if you're feeling adventurous, you can create new char-
acters for the players and let them play through the parallel story
as those characters. This gives them more perspective about what
else happens in your world, which should enable them to root
their main characters more firmly in their corner of it.

Troupe Style

Although unusual, it is not unheard of to have players create
multiple characters. This works especially well with Wraith. While
the characters have lost contact with the real world, the players
have not. You can have your players make up human characters as
well as wraiths. The wraiths will be the primary characters, but
you can tell stories about the human personalities as well, and use
the two to link the Shadowlands and Skinlands more concretely.

The best way to accomplish a story like this is to include a
common villain for both sets of characters, giving the two stories

an impetus to intertwine. The human characters might even be
hunting, or hunted by, their ghostly counterparts. The alternate
characters do not have to be human; vampires, werewolves, mages,
changelings or even other wraiths work just as well.

Crossover Games

Wraith makes up only one portion of the World of Dark-
ness. Vampires, werewolves, mages, changelings, mummies and
all sorts of other beings reside in and around the same cosmol-
ogy. You or your players may want to incorporate the other enti-
ties of the World of Darkness into your stories. This is as easy or
difficult as you make it. Wraith characters may seem to be one 4
step away from the real world, but this does not have to be the
case. There are powers that some wraiths possess that allow them
to cross the Shroud and interact with the living, while many /
supernatural creatures have abilities that put them in touch with

the Restless Dead. Vampires have rituals and enhanced senses;

werewolves have special gifts and access to a spirit world of their
own; mages sometimes even walk the Shadowlands; and change-
lings have the innocence, or ignorance, of a child, which some-
times allows them to ignore the Shroud.

The players themselves will probably be your toughest op-
ponents when combining the different creatures of the World of

Darkness. You must have cooperation with and between your ¥// j

players, starting at character creation. A wraith character for a
crossover game should possess the proper powers to interact with
the real world. At the same time, the "real world" characters
should be written up with the fact that they're going to have to
talk to ghosts in mind. Otherwise, no matter what, some of your
players are going to be left out of the action at all times, and no
one will be happy with that.

Getting different Awakened creatures to work together can
be just as tricky as creating the characters. A common foe is your §
best option. For example, a wraith receives a portend of an ap-
proaching Maelstrom. She warns her mage and sluagh contacts,
who uncover further information about what Skinlands event
might cause the soulstorm. With some information in hand, the
two approach the local werewolves, who, when convinced of the
seriousness of the situation, assign a pack member to help the pair.
With the wraith back in tow, the four characters discover that |
the twisted vampires of the Sabbat are planning a ceremony
that will generate the Maelstrom as well as cause a lot of inno-
cent deaths. Not knowing much about the Sabbat, the quartet
of characters call on a vampire they know. The story proceeds
from there, with all the characters benefiting from the interac-
tion and participating in the defeat of the Sabbat's plans. Of
course, ifany of the Sabbat vampires survive, they'll probably swear
vengeance and go hunt up allies to make the characters pay...

The most important factor in creating a successful crossover
story is cooperation. If the characters fight beyond the usual bick-
ering, or they simply don't interact, the story will fall apart. Cross-
over runs are not designed to see whether a wraith can beat up a
mage; they are intended to expand the horizons of storytelling by
allowing the players access to the whole of the World of Darkness.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 215


Psion and Fete

assions and Fetters are not merely the
Traits that set wraiths apart from the other
protagonists in the Storyteller games and
Yj\ from the other denizens of the World of
Darkness. They are also integral aspects
SA| of Wraith: The Oblivion as a game, which
make its stories and focus unique. Just as
players can use these Traits to further characterize their
wraiths, you can use Passions and Fetters to create a resonant,
poignant and unique environment in which to tell stories.
You should take special care to guide players in the choosing of
Passions and Fetters. Players should be encouraged to choose inno-
vative and creative Passions. While Kill the people who killed my
lover (Hate) can provide some good basic stories, players should
be encouraged to go beyond the obvious and invent some truly
unique motivations. Also, the most obvious emotion to describe a
Passion is not always the best choice. The rather pedestrian Pro-
tect my lover (Love) can be spiced up if it becomes Protect my
lover (Greed), wherein the wraith desires that no other should
have her if he cannot; Protect my lover (Hope), wherein the
wraith wants and helps the lover to succeed; or Protect my lover
(Spite); where bitterness at his own death causes the wraith to do
everything he can to make his lover feel loss and grief while pro-
tecting her all along. Love itself could be love for people, love of an
ideal, love for money, love of life (a bitter Passion for a wraith) or
love of oneself. Other Passions can be similarly revisited and their
full potential explored. You should encourage your players to chal-
lenge their assignment of Passions to descriptions and find the emo-
tions which most interestingly and accurately reflect their vision.
Furthermore, the relative levels of the Passions are important.
Each wraith is a being torn by different, often conflicting emotions,
and you should try to acquire a sense for the conflicts raging inside
the characters in your chronicle. Such contradictions and opposites
can be exploited to force a character to make choices and to
confront his Passions, deciding what is most important to him and
further deepening the player's understanding of his character.
Both you and your players should make the characters' Fet-
ters as detailed as possible. Instead of relying on a one-line de-
scription for the Fetter in question, players should write up toa
page about each one for their own reference and yours. The
distinction between Passions (which are ideas, emotions and
aspirations) and Fetters (which are solid material objects) can
be capitalized on and emphasized. People who are Fetters can
be described or represented by photographs cut from magazines;
places that are Fetters can be mapped, described in detail and
similarly represented by photographs; material objects (by far
the most common Fetters) can be sketched, written about and
in some cases actual examples of the objects can be found and
brought to each gaming session. This kind of effort on the part
of the players can enhance and complete an idea that would

Wraith: The Oblivion

216

otherwise be merely a few words in the Fetters section of the
character sheet. Having a player create a Fetter like My old
church (3) is far less descriptive and helpful than that same
description, as well as some notes on the church's history (Did
anyone famous ever speak there? Any supposed hauntings? Was
it ever burned down? What was the character's connection to
it?), appearance (What does the interior look like? Is it the sort
of place that would tempt thieves? Any unusual works of art or
stained glass windows?) and location (What sort of neighbor-
hood is it in? Who frequents it?). The latter will provide you
with more ways to work the Fetter into the chronicle, instead
of simply having it hang in the background as a place the char-
acter retreats to for Slumber's sake.

As Storyteller, your job is made both easier and more diffi-
cult by Passions and Fetters. Passions make the game easier to
run in that you should never be at a loss for an event, description
or encounter to keep the narrative flowing and the world rich
and detailed. Passions provide the Storyteller with kernels from
which encounters, images and events which players will respond
to automatically can be drawn, because they are relevant to the
characters. Threats to or changes in Fetters will also provoke
immediate responses from characters, as they seek to protect what
holds them to the Shadowlands. On the other hand, you must
constantly bear all of a character's Passions and Fetters in mind
(it's a good idea to write these down) so that the narrative of the
game can reflect the mix of Passions present in each wraith and
in the Circle asa whole. It is also worth noting that a Shadowguide
should also have detailed knowledge of the Passions and Fetters
of the wraith whose other half she portrays.

Having noted the various Passions and Fetters of the
wraiths in the group, you are now armed with a set of ideas
and emotions to flesh out your vision of the Shadowlands
and the World of Darkness. Because wraiths are creatures of
pure emotion, their reality is defined by their Passions. While
our vision might be clouded by some strong emotion we feel,
a wraith sees everything in terms of his Passions, of his very
being. Therefore, the emotions represented by the Passions
of the wraiths are those that will be reflected by the actions,
events, characters and stories which are told in that chronicle.
While in most games it is good practice for a Storyteller who
intends to design her own chronicle to take into account the
characters and their predilections, in Wraith it is critical.

When the character rolls a Passion to regain Pathos, you
shouldn't just let this go past as a rule of the game. Wraiths
only regain Pathos by accessing their purest emotions and ex-
periencing them; therefore they should give demonstrable evi-
dence of following their Passions. If a wraith is rolling against a
Guilt Passion, for example, that character should experience
strong guilt, and that character's player should not be able just
to sit back and say, "I'm rolling against my Guilt Passion."

Wraiths are constantly buffeted by their Passions. With no
flesh to buffer them against feeling, it hits them raw and sharp,
and they are inevitably changed by the impact. You should feel
free to utilize the surreal nature of the Underworld to evoke the

Passions which the wraiths access, to make them feel that ssa are
creatures of emotion, and help them understand that Pathos is
more than just a number on a page which allows them to use their
Arcanoi. Similarly, when wraiths do spend the Pathos to heal or
employ Arcanoi, they are bleeding pure emotion, and they and
those around them should sense and be affected by this.

As well as providing you with events and encounters to
detail and enrich your vision of the Shadowlands, Passions
and Fetters can be easily and effectively used to create entire
stories. Wraith is a game well-suited to character-driven nar-
trative, and while more traditional stories can be run with
wraiths successfully, even these can and should be personal-
ized to reflect the characters that play them.

Passions and Fetters can be used to generate stories on two
levels. The first and more straightforward of these is the use of a
Passion or Fetter as the focus for a narrative, placing one charac-
ter at the center of the narrative and forcing the Circle to react
to events which involve a Fetter or the object of a Passion.

Wraith is shown to best advantage when focused on char-
acter-driven narrative. The wraiths are the center of their own
world, which for them is defined by their personal emotions
and memories. The intrusion of outside realities and concerns,
while still vital and pressing, is somehow less important and
relevant for wraiths. They can survive with no external stimu-
lus, but without their emotions they are nothing. Perhaps this
is another way in which wraiths give us a naked view of a
particular aspect of the human condition.

Fetters are particularly suited to this kind of narrative. They
are objects which are vitally important to a wraith, which repre-
sent links to her breathing days and which allow her continued
existence in the Shadowlands. Playing on this acute vulnerability
of wraiths, a Storyteller can create situations which force a wraith
to act to protect a valued Fetter. These threats need not be so
simple as the destruction of the object or area, but might be more
subtle, involving the sale, corruption, rezoning, damaging, forget-
ting, abusing, belittling or misusing of a particular Fetter. An ef-
fective story, for example, might involve the use by the Quick of a
proud wraith's Fetter for some questionable purpose other than.
that for which it was designed. You can play such concerns against
the wraith's Passions, and creating in conjunction with the
Shadowguide the internal conflict which drives some of the best
Wraith stories. Plots like this can either be meticulously prepared
beforehand or run off-the-cuff, initiated by your picking up a char-
acter sheet and choosing the most interesting Fetter described there.

Stories can just as easily and evocatively be built around
Passions, and there are two basic approaches (which are not
mutually exclusive). You simply can choose an interesting Pas-
sion, or one of a generally neglected character, and make it
the focus of a story. While this is a perfectly satisfactory way
to initiate character-centered and character-driven narrative,
Passions can be much more sophisticated storytelling tools.
Rather than look at the specifics of a character Passion, the
Storyteller can build a story with that Passion (love, hate,
greed etc.) as its theme. This kind of approach is well-served

by preparation, as it takes time and creativity to explore a
Passion properly, but you can also run a rewarding improvised
story in this way. While it is a bonus if more than one of the
wraiths possesses the Passion you choose as your starting point,
it is by no means mandatory. Wraiths are creatures of Passion,
and all emotion is experience and sustenance for them.
Taking the Passion which you've chosen, you can create either
atight narrative that centers on events in which the Passion is promi-
nent in the motivations of the Storyteller characters, the players or
the metaplot behind the events; or you can devise a series of en-
counters and events, each of which evokes a different shade or as-
pect of the Passion. These encounters can be connected or inde-
pendent, but should demonstrate the flexible and variable nature
of the emotion which is at the center of things. Perhaps ideally, a
story that takes a particular Passion as its theme should consist of
both a central plot and satellite encounters that explore and ex-
pose the Passion, and pose various questions to the wraiths, espe- ‘
cially those with that sort of Passion, concerning that emotion.
As an example, the emotion Hope could spark many en-
counters and different experiences. The wraiths might become
involved in a story in which hope (ina typical sense) constitutes
the central thread of the narrative. Perhaps a wraith whom the
characters know is following a clue which he hopes willlead him {
to his wife, recently deceased and hopefully a new Lemure. The
characters help their friend, and in the course of the story (dur-
ing which there are obstacles and adversaries and all the ele-
ments of a good story), they encounter other characters and scenes
which suggest other aspects of hope: hope as desire, hope as greed,
hope as belief, hope as pain (false hope, fool's hope), as well as
the more straightforward path their friend is following. For any
wraith who has a Passion focused around hope, this might be a
special session, but that doesn't mean that the other wraiths will
be left out. A wraith with a Passion centered on desire might
well learn something about how desire and hope are intertwined.
A series of scenarios, each of which takes a particular
character's Passion as its theme, makes a satisfying chronicle and
one which probes the characters' psyches, resulting in well '
rounded and highly resonant wraiths. This cycle of Passion plays
brings each character face-to-face with her most important as-
pects. It gives the players insight into their characters and, more
generally, into the nature of wraiths and even the nature of emo-
tion. These stories can be used as a mini-chronicle from which
the Storyteller can launch into a more linear narrative, secure in
the knowledge that the characters taking part have come to terms
with their identities and understand what it is to be a wraith. Or,
they can stand alone as a chronicle story cycle. This kind of an
approach fosters long-term character development, and keeps
the characters engrossed as they come to grips with themselves.
Passions and Fetters define wraiths. Passions ennoble them, Fet-
ters anchor them. Both are rich tools you can use to make the experi-
ence of playing Wraith more beautiful, horrific, sad, funny and re-
warding. Wraiths are our reflections, creatures ruled by their emo-
tions, and just as no wraith can escape a story without using and facing
her emotions, no player should escape a Wraith session unmoved.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 217
eu tid


EW

Storytelling Harrow

If only you could remember how once we lived, what Halloween
was to us and what Poe was, and how we gloried in the dark morbidities.

— Ray Bradbury, "Pillar of Fire"

a] nevitably, there comes a reckoning.
Harrowings are not just nightmarish encoun-
ters, they are confrontations in which a
wraith must face and overcome the darkest
parts of herself. Ideally, if the players trust
you and each other, Harrowings also provides
the opportunity for the players to work out
some of their own fears, prejudices and hatreds, cleansing their
own psyches in the process of clearing out their characters'.

The actual Harrowing is the part that may be easiest for
you, especially if you've kept a book on the feelings the wraiths
(and the players) have exhibited throughout the chronicle. Then
again, you might find it the single most difficult aspect of run-
ning a Wraith chronicle, even with copious notes. Whether easy
or hard, the actual Harrowing should never be a throwaway. Even
if you start your players in the middle of the story, without pre-
amble, you should never allow events to force the wraiths into a
Harrowing before they've had time to learn something about
the Underworld and become somewhat comfortable being there.
The worst thing you can possibly do is bring in a Harrowing
prematurely. There are plenty of other terrors to torment the
characters with. Harrowings should be saved and savored.

By the time a wraith undergoes her first Harrowing, she
should be fervently involved with at least some of her Pas-
sions and Fetters (obviously she can't keep all of them at a
fever pitch all the time). If those are challenged or endan-
gered, she will be intensely involved with the Harrowing, pro-
vided it is at least marginally scary. Though it takes some work,
there are a number of ways to make the nightmare ride just as
frightening and tense as the Storyteller could wish.

Techniques of Horror Storytelling

The best sorts of Harrowings seem to arise naturally from
the situations that provoke them, and one may not seem like a
Harrowing at all to the character(s) involved until it is quite
advanced or even its conclusion. This requires a deft touch
and a great deal of adaptability on your part, not to mention a
skill for improvisation. Whenever a wraith loses all her Cor-
pus, for example, you don't necessarily have to inform the player
of that, instead telling her that her character has suffered some
lesser amount of damage than would automatically induce a
Harrowing and is feeling weak or tired or is just plain hurting.

At this point, you should ask the injured character's player
to leave the room for a few minutes, or should call the other
players aside, and work out the details of the coming Harrow-
ing. The player is then asked to rejoin the troupe, and play

218 Wraith: The Oblivion

proceeds as if nothing extraordinary has happened (see the
section on Recommended Storytelling Techniques for tips
on making this ploy successful, pp. 220). The player should
be allowed to determine her character's next few actions (fight,
run away, slip into the Tempest and head for a Fetter, or what-
ever else she chooses to do). Still, nothing seems out of the
ordinary. After a few actions, however, you can gradually begin
working in strange, frightening elements (the wraith's Fetter is
gone, or her Argos ability seems to be malfunctioning).

Going Down

Perfectly straightforward Harrowings, wherein the player
knows full well that he's being Harrowed, are just fine as well.
You can get a lot of mileage out of your other players with a
description of the Harrowed wraith being sucked down into
the roiling Tempest, the screams of the waiting Spectres and
the despairing wail of their vanished comrade. Just because a
wraith knows that trouble is coming doesn't mean he knows
which direction it's coming from, or how best to avoid it.

Simpler introductions to Harrowings are recommended,
at least until after you've gotten a few Harrowings under your
belt and are comfortable with what happens in one. Besides,
if the players get used to knowing when they're in a Harrow-
ing, it's all the more potent a surprise when they're dropped
into a Harrowing unawares.

Scaring the Players

Players will often scare themselves far more efficiently than
you ever could. There seems to be a rule (or perhaps it's only a
truism) that whenever players are presented with a situation
that is potentially dangerous to their characters, they will al-
ways see it as more threatening and hopeless than you ever
intended. If the player is spooked, the character will almost
assuredly be spooked too. You should feel no remorse in play-
ing on this, nor should you lessen the impact of the encounter
just because the players whine or become overprotective of their
characters. It should be made clear to the players at some point
that only bold action on their part will serve to release their
character(s) from the Harrowing. Of course, the inappropriate
bold action could have disastrous results as well...

Designing Appropriate Harrowings

Ifa wraith's Fetter or Passion has been selected as the Quarry
of the Harrowing, the ensuing psychodrama should have some-
thing to do with the chosen Trait. This is where keeping a book
on various encounters is so valuable. You only need to look back
over what has gone before (even if it occurred some time ago) to
design an appropriate Harrowing. If a wraith had initially been
very conscientious about watching over her father (who had been
in poor health), for example, but had lately fallen off from that
duty because his health had improved and she was busy with other
things, this might serve as the basis fora Harrowing meant to tweak
that Passion. The wraith's Shadow would try to recreate some scene

from the wraith's past which involved her father and his failing
health. The Shadow would attempt to corrupt the love engen-
dered by the Passion, either making the wraith feel guilty for hav-
ing abandoned her dying father to concentrate on the cruelties of
life as a new wraith or perhaps by twisting love to revulsion by
having the wraith's father's body corrupted into putrescence.

Other possibilities for creating Harrowings involve focusing
on the wraith's (or Shadow's) Archetype. For example, if a wraith
has a Martyr Nature, the Harrowing might focus on opportunities
for the character to be truly self-sacrificing, while making it clear
that doing so will harm the character (stripping her of Corpus ora
Passion). Actually, the correct move for the character would be to
go ahead and act the martyr, and the purported penalty would not
be levied. Acting selfishly would, in this case, be the wrong choice.
Similarly, the Shadow's personality might provide the basis for the
Harrowing, with an authoritarian type setting up some sort of re-
pressive scenario for its wraith to respond to.

Choices

There is one final piece to the Harrowing that must be an
integral part of its design and execution, and that is the character's
choice. Each Harrowing is a challenge that the wraith may win
or lose. Each is also a confrontation, a struggle in which the wraith
faces her own dark reflection and battles herself. It has been said
that we are our own worst enemies. Nothing could be more true
in the war between the Shadow and the self.

A wraith's choices during the Harrowing are the key to
her success or failure. The Storyteller must make the choices
within the nightmare ride as vivid as possible so that the player
(as well as the character) feels the consequences of her deci-
sions. Each portion of the Harrowing should be constructed
with turning points, lesser choices that the character must make
as she moves toward the conclusion. Each turning point should
présent an opportunity for the wraith to better her overall po-
sition within the Harrowing — by harming or allowing harm
to come to someone else or at the expense of her principles.

While it is perfectly fine to construct elaborate games within
games that the wraith must maneuver through and figure out in
order to succeed, not all Harrowings should be escapable only if
the wraith is a good puzzle-solver or tactical genius. Though it
might be interesting to require the wraith to open a combina-
tion lock that causes aggravated damage to her best friend every
time she fails to get the combination right, there should be other
ways to defeat the scenario than getting the combination right.
Using her teeth to bite through the wiring so no shocks can be
delivered might be a solution some people would think of, but
many would never bother to ponder ways around the trap.

You must be willing to give the players some leeway, for example
allowing the character to succeed when the player can't think of any
other way out and simply declares she's not going to work on the lock
at all, that she'll just stay with her friend. Though this doesn't "solve"
the dilemma, it does indicate the wraith's unwillingness to hurt some-
one else just to escape her nightmare. This sort of decision is very

Cice<

ent, of course, from one in which the player simply gets frus-
trated and pouts, refusing to try anything because it isn't easy enough.
That's just laziness. If the plz
scenario, she ought to
regardless of her tactical acumen or abilities with riddles and such.

er is genuinely trying to deal with the

ve a chance to beat it through roleplaying,

It is vital that you understand the player as well as the character
being Harrowed. If the player makes choices based on what she as a
player knows (ie. it isn't really real), the Storyteller should feel perfectly
justified in changing the rules on her. Make each out-of-character deci-
sion cause damage to the wraith. Strip her of a point of Pathos if she's

calculating how to sidestep the choice rather than making real deci-

sions. The player should be told that she must make her choices n

character, as the character would make them, rather than according to
what makes the most tactical sense or gives her the greatest advantage.

Though there is some element of "winning" over th low, it is far

One of the most important aspects of running
Harrowings is to be adaptable. There is no one
best way that works for every troupe and Story-
teller, but there are a few possibilities that can make
it easier. Some may fit your troupe's style; others
won't. Feel free to experiment and mix and match

Faking Out the Players

At times, you might like to keep the upcoming
Harrowing a secret. Even the best players can't dis-
regard being sent out of the room while notecards
are passed out and a secret meeting occurs. That's
why it is useful to occasionally "fake" a Harrowing.
Faking a Harrowing involves sending one or more
players out while handing out notecards with some
variation on the following to the other players:

"This is not a Harrowing. Just play your regular:
character, but occasionally look at this card as if con-
sulting it for instructions. ['ll continue the game as if
nothing unusual has oceurred. Please do the same.

Imagine the resultant confusion and paranoia
when the "Harrowing" seems to go on and on with-
out any resolution in sight. While this might seem
crueler than an actual Harrowing, it reflects a
wraith's normal sense of uncertainty. It also keeps
the players honest. Once they become accustomed to
the idea that not every Harrowing is real, they will

react ina more genuine manner when one might be.

more important that she confront the Shadow and gain a better under-

standing of it. She can't do that if she's hiding behind preconceived
notions of what she is "supposed" to do. This doesn't mean that if the
player can't think of something clever she should be punished for it,
just that you should beware of your players' occasional lapse into self-
protective mechanisms that they think they need, but which serve to
tum roleplaying into numbers crunching or tactical exercises.
Finally, the Harrowing should never simply be an exercise in, "I
make the hard moral choice and escape." There should be no guaran-
tee that what looks like the right thing to do is in fact correct. Shad-

owsand Spectres are practiced and the Labyrinth itself is respon-
sive to their ministrations, producing whatever illusions they call for.
as tangled and twisted as the Labyrinth

and

Some Harrowings may be
itself, with plots within plots serving to lead the wraith astre
confuse her as to her choices. No one said Harrowings were easy.

Recommended Storytelling Techniques

The Set Up

Sometimes it becomes clear that one of the play-
ers will probably undergo a Harrowing in the next
session. If there is time in between games, it is often
best to contact the other players and go over the
roles they will play when the Harrowing occurs. This
way, there isn't any pause between the regular play
and the Harrowing. You can either mention a pre-
arranged code word or otherwise tip off the rest of
the troupe that the Harrowing is beginning, and each
falls into her role. When done correctly, this is the
most effective way to runa nightmare ride.

Group Harrowings

When group Harrowings occur, the players are
not available to play Spectres. If there is a Stor
teller Shadowguide, she and the head Storyteller
may be able to run the troupe through a Harrow-
ing by dividing up the Spectre characters and
having one interact with the troupe-while the
other acts as the rules arbiter. Drafting a third
Storyteller to act as an assistant and to play the
minor roles allows the Storytellers more leeway
with Spectral interactions. If at some point, one
or more characters succeed and escape the Har-
rowing (and elect to be separate from the rest of
the group), they can be given prepared Spectre

roles or just brought on board to improvise.


e =r

Peoplng the Harrowing
The wraith needs to interact with other beings if the Har-
rowing is to be a real confrontation. Aside from the Shadow
and wraith, the other players in the troupe usually portray Spec-
tres, Doppelgangers who take the roles of the wraith's friends,
loved ones, foes and personal enemies, as well as various others
such as authority figures and crowds. They excel at drawing
out a wraith's most deeply hidden secrets and fears. They may
appear in helpful or harmful roles, acting to obstruct the wraith
or facilitating her passage through the Harrowing, but ultimately
they are there to confuse, delay, surprise and torture the wraith.
There's just one problem with all of this. Good roleplayers
may actas if their characters truly believe that their choices within
the Harrowing may adversely affect themselves or their loved
ones or friends, but the players are wise to what's really going on.
They know those are just Spectres messing with their characters'
heads, and this is bound to affect their play. So once again, you
can change the rules. When the scenario calls for a wraith to
rescue a victim (for example), the following variations can be
used to increase the tension level and provide other members of
the troupe with some really meaty roleplaying opportunities.
© Variation One: Spectres are tough. There's no reason why one
of them couldn't go to the Skinlands, Skinride one of the wraith's loved
‘ones, force her into committing suicide or a fatal accident, then claim
the newborn wraith and hold her in reserve for the wraith's next Har-
rowing. How will the wraith react when she realizes it really is her
lover the Spectres are about to set on fire? What if they drop Dad into
the Void if the wraith messes up? Suddenly the stakes are a lot higher.
© Variation Two: Nothing prevents Spectres from capturing
members of the wraith's Circle and using them in a similar fash-
ion. These can be either well-liked Storyteller-controlled charac-
ters or players' characters. If they were captured fairly, and had
some chance to win against those who captured them, the captive
characters have no real room to complain. After all, the wraiths
could be obliterated; with a friend trying to save them, they might
escape the situation. Things generally become a little more tense
when one player is working to save another's and the second player
makes it plain that it really is her character's afterlife on the line.
© Variation Three: It is also effective to go through a capture
scenario with the player who is to play the victim, then let the
captured character's player react to the other wraith's Harrowing
in character, then announce to the first player (especially if the
second one botched things) that his character was not really cap-
tured at all and that he was actually acting (in this particular cir-
cumstance) as a first mate to the Storyteller, helping her run a
Spectre as realistically as possible. This technique can be difficult
and confusing, particularly since one of the Spectres doesn't real-
ize he's playing the part. The Storyteller will have to keep track of
expenditures of Willpower and such made by the "captured char-
acter" so that the points can be returned when the Harrowing is
over. Though this isn't recommended as a recurring technique, it
can be used at least once to scare both the players (and again some
time after they've forgotten about it and gotten cocky).

happen often enough that it is impossible for a player to ignore the idea
that the victim she has to save might not just be a Spectre in disguise.

At the End of Thing

t the end of each story, you should take time
to consider the effects the evening's play has
| had on your players, their charactersand the |

chronicle as a whole. It's highly unlikely that}
"| you'll ever see a single session go precisely }
| as planned, so it's best to think about what
in your world has changed as a result of each
story. Player actions, characters who are destroyed or chased off,
vital relics dropped into Nihils, allies turned into enemies —all
of these and more are likely to happen, and it's best to be pre-
pared when they do. It is impossible to come up with something {
that your players won't try, and even more impossible to come
up with everything that they will. Just be flexible and take the
time to adjust your chronicle's plot as player actions demand it. }

Everything that one of the characters that you play does or says)

becomes part of your world and your continuity, and it can become
impossible to keep track of all of that in your head. The end of the story
isa perfect time to sit down and keep track (say, on index cards or ina
chronicle notebook) of who said what to whom, who did what, and
what it all means. Otherwise, eight weeks later you'll be caught flat-
footed when one of your players dredges up an offhand comment thata
minor character made ina bar and basesa plot-shattering decision on it.

Chronicle's End

All good things come to an end, and even the best chronicle is no
exception. It is important, though, that when you do end your chronicle,
you doso properly. A climax wrapping up all of your loose plot threads is a
necessity, otherwise the players will move on with a sense of unfin-
ished business. Yourfinal story should be something to remember, asumma-
tion and a conclusion to everything that your chronicle is and was.

It often makes sense to have some post-climactic confronta-
tion gameplay, so that characters can say their good-byes, expla- @ |
nations can be made and everyone can come to grips with what's [
just happened. It eases the players down from the emotional high
of the conclusion, and gets them ready for the next step.

The next step, of course, is the next chronicle. You can take
the same characters and continue with them; many players grow
attached to their characters and want to watch them grow, change © |
and triumph. Perhaps one of your players wants to try his hand at §
Storytelling, letting you have a chance to play for a while. The one
thing to remember is that the end of one chronicle is the chance to
do something new, to experiment and start all over again. If you
want to add werewolves and mummies, or switch your chronicle's
setting to the Dark Kingdom of Jade, go for it. Just as in Wraith,
death is a beginning, not an ending, and the end of one chronicle is
also the moment that gives you the chance to start another.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling

qhe Shadow
Tam alone in Pine Knoll Elemen-
tary — at least as far as V'can tell. Soft
scraping sounds, faint voices, high
faughter and the muffled sound of
doors opening and closing echo
through the dark school building. and
from down in the basement, I can hear
deep, reverberating groans and what,
sound like heavy, clanking chains. I feel
only a slight measure of:relief that J
havent encountered any other wraiths
here. For now, it seems to be about as
safe a place. as I'm likely to find.
Outside, the night is dense and
pressing. A heavy sheet of cloud
hides the sky and dulls the blue
glare of the strectlights' The air
scems charged with electricity, Low
clouds pulsate with rippling purple
light, like heat lightning that edges
everything with an ceric glow.
Through the opened doorway, I
dense fog, moving from one window to
another in the buildings across the street.

Closer, I'can hear the faint rstling of

wings, unseen in the dark.

I'm sitting on the floor in the
darkness, wondering how and if Tl
ever be able to find my daughter. I

‘can't imagine what she might have

experienced if she's been here in the
Shadowlands for the last five years.
A deep, twisting sense of guilt and
frustration stirs within me. Regret
fills the center of my chest like a
cold, iron ball.

Isn't there such a thing as
"Heaven" or "Nirvana" or "Para-
dise" where the dead can dwell in
eternal peace and bliss? This can't
be all there is to the afterlife: At

» Teast, T hope it isn't.

T realize rnefully that at least I'm
beginning to accept the fact that | am
dead. The best I can figure, it's only
beén a day in "real" time — whatever
the shell) that means — since I died,
but I'm still wrapped in an overwhelm-
ing sense of sadness and despair.

I'm finding existence in the
Shadowlands extremely disorienting.
Texperience emotions and physical sen-
satlons very differently nownl have to
Keep telling myself that this is simply
because ] no longerhave a physical body
that has biological reactions to what I

feel and think. My emotions are no

‘longer complicated orenhanced by the

physical reactions, so J experience them
in what seems to be a purer, more es-
sential way. It is just incredibly disori-
enting the way my senses are distorted

in this new state of being.

I can't figure out what my Cor
pus is made of. Maybe it's an illusion,
an echo of the form I'd once had that
has no reality other than as a memory.
The impression Ihave from my en-
counter with the Renegade is that the
substance of my Corpus is valuable
in and of itself here in the afterlife.
The sudden fear grips me that maybe
I won't find my daughter because she
has already fallen prey tothat or some
other Renegade.

An urgent sense of impending
doom fills me. 1 know that I have
to act swiftly and decisively, but I
have no idea where to begin.

Maybe I should just give up.

Where is the sense of inner
peace and tranquillity you're sup
posed to obtain when you die?

A sudden bolt of anger and fear
rips through me. I leap to my feet
and begin pacing back and forth in
the darkness. My footsteps drag
across the ancient floorboards,
echoing weirdly in the dense dark-
ness. Everything I did, everything I
tried to do, where did it get me?
Dead and right back where I started.

You're right... :. It's all for nothe
ing, a voice whispers inside my head.

I look around to see who

spoke, but there's no one else here.


There's just me, and I think that's
more terrifying than anything else.

All of it, it's all absolutely
worthless! All you're doing is a
useless waste of time and energy,
so why not just give up now?
Karen's dead, You're dead. You'll
never find her, and even if you do,
what could you possibly do to help
her? All you've managed to-do
since you died is hide, just like you
did your whole life. No, you' ll fail
Karen, and then, a failure, you'll
go. back and fail Sarah. You'll try
to watch over her, but it won't do
any good. All you're going to do
is watch her getting old and ugly:
You'll start to hate her, and you'll
hate yourself for it. Then, when

she dies and crosses over, she'll

come looking for you, and you

won't even be able to look her in
the eye. Everyone dies, everything
dies, and nothing you do will make
any piiferente' Let it all go: It's
alltheaded for Oblivion anyway,

"so why not geta head start? Why

prolong our agony?

Against my will, | listen to this
voice, whispering harshly inside my.
head. It terrifies me, and I have the

unshakable impression that some-

one is standing'beside me in the

dark, pouring these terrible things
into my ear like hemlock. But when
I turn, there's no one there. It's just
me. Me and that voice.

"No," I say as I clap my hands
over my ears and shake my head in
adamant denial. "It won't be like
that! It can't be!"

Oh, but it will, the voice inside
my mind continues. You've always
knownit. Oh, yes, deep dounin your
heart of heans, you've always under-
stood the utter futility of it all. So why
pretend anymore? Why not just give
in? Why not embrace Oblivion? Let
ourself go; that's the only wey you'll
find any kind of peace. All of your
suffermguill end, all the pam and hurt
ill go away'm the cold, eternal em-
brace of Oblivion. Just let go...

"Stop it. Dama you, stop it!" I
find I'm slamming my fists into the
sides of my-head, trying to pound
that voice into silence.

No, I won't stop it, the voice
hisses petulantly, and for a terrifying
instant I am convinced that I have said
this out loud, Give in. There's no
point to your pathetic little mission.
Eventually everything — even the
Shadowlands — is going to fade
away, so you'd just be buying
Karen a short-reprieve before los-

ing her again. You've known all
along that I'm right — you said it
yourself in'your last book. "Exist-
ence ismothing but a terminal blip
ina meaningless, endless Void... .."

"No." My throat feels like it's
burning, and again I become acutely
aware of the fact that I can't breathe.
"That can't be all there is! There has
to be some kind of meaning or
hope, otherwise—"

Otherwise. ..what?

A terrible ache fills my chest
and chokes off my reply.

"Thave to try to find her... help
her if 1 can," I mutter in a broken
voice. I'm not sure if I'm trying to
convince this other yoice, or myself.
Maybe both.

Why even try? the voice in-
side my head whispers. No matter
what you do, it won' tdo a damned
bitof good. Why torment yourself?
Te'll be just wasted effort, anyway.
Wasted agony. Give yourself over
to Oblivion now, if only so it will
be over all the quicker. Why pro-
long our suffering?

"You may be right. It may be
that way," I whisper hoarsely, "but...
at Jeast I have to try."

The fast thing I hear is his —

my — laughter:



Here's the Armada of Souls

here's the flotilla from God knows where:

from gopher-wood to the last of the ironclads

in common concert they send up the flares
— Peter Hammill, "Fireships"

—™@| his chapter is about the systems that make

)M) Wraith unique. It details how wraiths grow

4)| more powerful with more experience, as

well as what restricts their movement

through the Underworld, what can do

them injury, how they can heal, how to

achieve the mysterious Transcendence,

and what prevents the living from seeing the Restless Dead.
The chapter is divided roughly in three segments.
The first part is about character development; how

wraiths and their Shadows grow and change over time.
The second segment is about injury and healing among

the Restless. After all, it takes something special to hurt §)

a ghost, and afterward it's not as if a wraith can apply a
ghostly bandage. The last part of the chapter is about
the mental states, internal and external, that are unique
to wraithly existence.

Very little in this chapter is essential. A great deal of
it, however, is important for fleshing out the world of {
Wraith and making it function smoothly.

Chapter Eight: Systems 225


There are unsmiling faces in fetters and chains

And a wheel in perpetual motion

And they follow all races and answer all names

With no show of an outward emotion

— Alan Parsons Project, "Turn of a Friendly Card, Part 2"
veryone learns as they go along, even
the dead. The awarding and spending
of experience points is an in-game way
to reflect that a character can acquire
new Traits through her experiences and
29) adventures.

Experience Points

Experience points are a way of demonstrating how much
valuable experience a character acquired over the course of a
story. At the end of each session, a Storyteller assigns a certain
number of experience points to each character depending upon
certain factors (how much the character did in-game, how well
the player roleplayed, etc.), which the character's player records.
A player can then spend these points on improving his character's
Traits. This serves to represent how characters grow more pow-
erful by learning new things through experiencing them. Of
course, it's not just the character who becomes more powerful as
time passes; her Shadow learns from its experiences as well.

The point cost for "learning" new things varies, depending
upon what the player wishes to purchase for his character. It's
easier — and thus less expensive — to learn a new Ability than
it is to learn a new Arcanos. Many costs for raising Traits depend
upon what a character already knows about the Trait he's trying
to improve. For example, raising an Ability costs two times the
character's current rating in that Ability. On the other hand, a
Trait that a character does not have but which he wishes to ac-
quire is considered to be a "new" Trait, and these have fixed
point costs. If Erik has a Dodge of 3 and wants to raise it to 4, he
needs six points to do so. On the other hand, if he wants to
acquire Subterfuge, which he has no dots in, Erik would only pay
the fixed cost for a new Ability: three experience points.

A Trait can only be raised one dot per session, never more.

Roleplaying Experience

Your Circle has just come to the end of an intricate, long-run-
ning chronicle, during the course of which you not only accomplished
anumber of your goals, but also got to know your character consid-
erably better than you did when you started out. The Storyteller,
pleased by your ever-increasing roleplaying skill, offers you a double
handful of experience points. Is it time to buy all those Firearms dots
you didn't think to take when you created your character?

226 Wraith: The Oblivion

Unexpectedly showing up at the beginning of your next
session as a brilliant marksman is going to be a little difficult
to explain, to say the least. It wouldn't be surprising if your
Circle started wondering when you'd been practicing, not to
mention on whom. And then on top of that, you'll have to
explain your mastery of those two new Arcanoi you decided
to pick up as well...

While characters can and should change over time, they
develop the same way that real live people do: they learn as
they go. Players should learn to be aware of how events affect
them over the long run. Every story played through offers the
characters a chance to learn something, whether that some-
thing is as straightforward as the notion that being a slave
would be bad, or as complex as the discovery that a lifetime of
labor was misspent.

Translating this kind of gaming experience into hard data
on a character sheet can be difficult. Emotional revelations,
newfound senses of purpose and sworn oaths of vengeance
can sometimes be reduced to so many dots in a Passion, but
that shouldn't be a player's first concern. The important thing
is using experience to demonstrate what's going on with a
character, both to the other players and to the Storyteller,
through roleplaying. It's much more satisfying to watch a char-
acter slowly becoming obsessed with a once-glimpsed mortal
than it is to have a player show up and announce that he
wants to purchase a new Fetter. Not only will the former be a
more intense personal experience for the player, but it will
help get the other characters involved as they start wonder-
ing why their Circlemate is suddenly practicing his Embody
(and endangering them by violating the Dictum Mortuum)
any chance he gets.

As far as dramatic personal changes go, altering a
character's Demeanor, while not a piece of cake, obviously
involves less of an effort than altering her Nature. It's much
easier to establish a new behavior pattern than it is to rebuild
the fundamental structure of a personality, and Storytellers
should encourage players to keep this in mind. Changing a
character's Nature is a major, existence-altering decision, and
should consist of considerably more than just writing down a
new Archetype on a character sheet. Such a choice can only
be communicated effectively through roleplaying over time.

While acquiring Traits, especially Abilities, poses slightly
less of a roleplaying challenge, the process does have its own
logistics. It's important to remember that new Traits should re-
flect the particulars of how characters have changed and what
they've had an opportunity to learn. They should be consistent
not only with what characters have picked up, but also with
characters' backgrounds and personalities. A wraith who's been
a pacifist for centuries is unlikely to pick up Firearms; a straight-
arrow Legionnaire probably won't learn Puppetry because it
interferes with the living. Avoiding abrupt changes is a good
idea; if a player wants to purchase a certain Ability as soon as
he gets a few experience points, foreshadowing his character's
interest in that subject (having him hint at it in conversation,


talking about wanting to learn, asking questions on that topic,
etc.) will work more smoothly than suddenly having a charac-
ter show up at a Haunt announcing, "H
Swahili now!" A good way to subtly work in new Abilities is to

y, guys, I can speak

have characters purchase those things that could have been
taught them by Mentors, Contacts, Circlemates or Allies, or
even by characters met during the course of a story.

While players will sometimes want to spend their expe-

rience as soon as a session ends to respond to the situations
their characters have just faced — a different Passion that
would have provided needed Pathos, a new Ability — Story-
tellers should encourage them to stay focused on their char
acter concepts and on logical, reasonable character develop-
ment. There are dramatic events that can cause immediate,
serious changes in characters, but these should be few and far
between if the Storyteller and players want to maintain any
kind of consistency.

When spending Shadow experience, there is always the
temptation to allocate it in ways that produce as weak a
Shadow as possible. Although this leads to "stronger" wraiths,
in the end it makes for a less enjoyable chronicle. The con-
flict between Psyche and Shadow is one of the central ele-
ments of Wraith, and it can be devalued rapidly by having
er while the Shadow remains static.

Awarding Experience

There is a fine balance to be struck when it comes time
for Storytellers to hand out experience points. On one hand,

the Psyche grow strong

giving out too few will lead to character frustration, as it
takes a month or more to learn that new Arcanos each wraith
has been pining for. On the other, handing out too much
experience can result in characters running roughshod over
the rest of the Underworld. Generally characters should re-
ceive between one and five experience points per session,
though occasions when Storytellers bestow four or five points
should be rare indeed. A character should not receiv:

ero
points; regardless of whether he "succeeded" or "failed" dur-
ing the session, there is something to be said for learning
through simple participation.

Reasons for Experience

© One point — Automatic:
per session, no matter what, unless he truly and spec!

ch player earns one point
cularly
ituation

proves he doesn't deserve it (by making the gaming
unpleasant for other players, suddenly deciding that his wraith
would speak only with a silly accent, etc.).

© One Point — Learning Curve: The character acquired
some important bit of information or wisdom during the ses-
sion. However, it should be left to the player to tell the Story-
teller what her character learned that was so vital.

* One Point — Acting: Truly superior roleplaying
should be rewarded with an experience point. This is highly

subjective, and standards for awarding this point should be
raised as the players improve.

© One Point — Concept: A player who does a superb
job of embodying what her character is all about should

Mm an extra point.

¢ One Point — Heroism: Not stupidity. Not suicidal
mania. Heroism, the act of going above and beyond the call
of duty to achieve some higher purpose. Pointless machismo
should not be rewarded.

Helpful Hints

© Don't purchase Abilities if you can't come
up with a plausible explanation for how you
acquired them.
© Don't lose track of your character con
cept by racking up every Ability in sight. A
haracter who has consistently evinced a mis-
trust of tech:
come a computer whiz — at least, not believ-
no matter how useful that Ability m
be to his Circle.
© Don't, if you'

turn into a major engine of destruction over

ology is not suddenly going to be

ably
playing a cerebral sort,

night just because you're tired of getting beaten
up. Remember, it took even Hercules years of
hard work and some serious motivation to build
those biceps.

© Don't try to beat th
ing rules loopholes. Creating the most unbeat-

system by exploit-
able Wraith character ever guarantees the other
players' frustration and your eventual boredom
when you run out of people to play with and
Malfeans to pulp.

¢ Don't hoard experience points for months
on end because you're hoping to leap way ahead
in an Ability or Arcanos. Again, change should
be gradual, not abrupt, or it gets unbelievable.

© Don't, as the Storyteller, assign large
quantities of experience points unless players
actually deserve them. :

© Don't, if you're the Storyteller, allow play-
ers to get away with dramatic character changes
unless they have very good reasons (having ex-
plained those reasons to you!), and are willing

to roleplay those changes extensively.

Chapter Eight: Systems 22


End of Story

When a story reaches its climax, there should be some
sort of reward given to the characters for achieving a resolu-
tion. Accordingly, every time a story ends, characters should
receive between one to three additional experience points as
a bonus. (Additionally, many Storytellers like to restore tem-

porary Willpower, grant Pathos, etc., at a story's end).

Among the reasons to give a character extra experience
at the end of a story are:

* One point — Success: The Circle succeeded in its im-
mediate task, at least to some extent. The victory might not have
been total, but the Circle can claim at least partial triumph.

© One point — Danger: The character survived perils
above and beyond those normally faced by wraiths and came
out unscathed. Conversely, maybe the character acquitted
himself well during a Harrowing.

© One point — Wisdom: If the character exhibits great
wits or resourcefulness, an extra point can be his reward.

Of course, Storytellers don't need to restrict their rea-
sons for giving out experience to the ones above. If they want
to accelerate their players' character development, Storytell-
ers should feel free to give out experience more rapidly.

Spending Experience
The costs for raising existing Traits or adding new ones
are listed below.

Trait Cost Chart

Trait Cost
Attribute Current rating x 4
New Ability 3

Ability Current rating x 2
New Arcanos Hi

New Arcanos Basic Ability 4

Arcanos Current rating x 3
Willpower Current rating

Note: Raising an Arcanos from Basic Ability to level 1 costs

3 experience points.

Raising Backgrounds

Higher levels of Background Traits cannot be bought with
experience points. They can only be acquired through
roleplaying; a new Ally must be cultivated in-game, for example.

If a player and Storyteller agree that the character has ac-
quired a new Background Trait (or increased an old one), the
recommended cost is 4 points to open the new Background and
3 x current level to increase it. However, Backgrounds should be
gained through roleplaying, not point expenditure — the expe-
rience point cost is a recommendation, not a price listing.

228 Wraith: The Oblivion


oe ‘
Raising Arcanoi

It is possible to learn just the basic level of an Arcanos
(as opposed to the level 1 art) at a cost of 4 experience
points. For an additional 3 points, the character can later
step up to learning the level 1 art. This allows characters
to simulate slowly learning Arcanoi, as well as allowing
them to learn useful applications of Arcanoi without
spending excessive amounts of experience.

Wraiths are capable of learning Arcanoi on their
own, but it often helps to have a Mentor. A wraith with
points in the Mentor Background can roll against her
Mentor rating when trying to learn a new Arcanos (dif-
ficulty 6). Each success reduces the point cost of the
Arcanos by one. This roll can only be made if the wraith
is attempting to learn the full Arcanos; wraiths picking
up just the Arcanos' Basic Abilities must pay full price.
They can, however, make the roll when attempting to
upgrade their skills from the Basic Ability to the full
Arcanos itself.

Willpower

A character can raise her Permanent Willpower rat-
ing through experience. This reflects the hardening of pur-
pose wraiths undergo as they adventure throughout the
Underworld. Then again, many wraiths lose Willpower
as they go along, finding it harder and harder to resist
Oblivion.

Should a character ever use his last point of tempo-
rary Willpower, he is immediately drawn into a Harrow-
ing. A character who loses all of his permanent Willpower
is either drawn at once into the Void (if he has no Fet-
ters) or becomes a Drone (if at least one Fetter remains).
Drones can never be player characters, and it is impos-
sible to grant Willpower to a Drone in order to elevate
his status.

Passions

A wraith's Passions can change over time. Often their
focus shifts from the Skinlands to the Underworld. Old
Passions are lost, new ones gained, and the transitional
period can be difficult.

A player wishing to add a new Passion should discuss
the matter with her Storyteller. Ideally, the addition of
the new Passion as a Trait will be the culmination of a
continuing aspect of the chronicle's narrative. New Pas-
sions should cost three experience points for each dot in
the Passion's rating. A similar cost holds for a player wish-
ing to increase an existing Passion's rating, but the Sto-
ryteller has the final say as to whether or not the increase
is allowed.

Losing Passions

Take away the love and the anger

And the little piece of hope holding us together...

— Kate Bush, "Love and Anger"

Wraiths can also lose Passions. Whether through time,
neglect or the action of others, a wraith's Passions can slip
away from him. The Storyteller has total control over if,
how and when a wraith's Passions diminish. There are four 9
principal ways in which a Passion can be weakened or even. |
destroyed.

Neglect: If a wraith has not paid attention to his Pas-
sion, eventually it will diminish. If a Storyteller feels that a §
character has neglected his Passion thoroughly enough to
weaken it, she rolls the Passion's rating (difficulty 9). A fail-
ure indicates that the wraith should reduce his Passion's rat-
ing by one; a botch lowers the rating by two. This may well
excise the Passion and drop the wraith into a Harrowing.

© Harrowings: Some Targeted Harrowings can weaken
or even destroy Passions. For more information, see
"Harrowings," page 183.

¢ Numbing: Some Spectres have the ability to "numb" a
wraith's feelings, even those so strong as to be labeled Pas-
sions. If an attack of this sort is successful, it reduces one of a
wraith's Passions (selected at random by the Storyteller) by
one. This may also force the victim into a Harrowing. For
more information on Numbing, see "Spectres," page 273.

* Resolution: See below.

Resolving a Passion

Given time, wraiths can come to grips with and master
their Passions. While it might not make sense to some }
wraiths to try to let go of their sources of Pathos, other

wraiths feel that calming their Passions is vital to achieving
Transcendence. With that in mind, they will attempt to calm

their Passions, changing what were once overwhelming 4f}

emotions into more moderate desires and approaches.

The Resolution of a Passion is a delicate thing, and
should be roleplayed thoroughly before any modification }
is made to a wraith's character sheet. A player wishing to }
Resolve a Passion should bring the matter to his Story- }

teller and discuss the situation at length, including ways

in which to bring the resolution plot into the chronicle. It
is suggested that a character attempting to Resolve a Pas-
sion not roll against it for Pathos.

Once the attempt to Resolve the Passion is well under
way, the Storyteller may at his discretion offer the player a
roll to weaken the Passion. The wraith rolls the rating of
the Passion (difficulty 9); each success lowers the rating of
the Passion by one, though the Passion can never be re-
duced below one in this fashion.

Chapter Eight: Systems 229
= = ee ER a
SOM Lge TS on ie)
@) B ZZ YE ~ 1 = "et IP e y }


ter has the Passion firmly under control, a Res:
can be made. When attempting Resolution, the wraith rolls
Willpower (difficulty 5 + the Passion's original rating). If
the wraith achieves successes equal to the Passion's original
rating, she succeeds in Resolving her Passion. If she fails,
the Passion is considered to be unResolved, and gains a point
in its rating. If she botches, the Passion is destroyed, and

she immediately falls into a Destruction Harrowing.

etters

Wraiths can, on very rare occasions, gain new Fet-
ters. Occasionally their interactions with the Skinlands
will lead them to care for a person, place or thing (most
often a person) so intensely that it becomes a new Fetter.
If a player wishes to add a new Fetter, he must discuss the
matter at length with his Storyteller and work the new
Fetter into the chronicle through intense roleplaying.
New Fetters, if the Storyteller permits them, cost 3 times
the desired rating for the Fetter.

Losing Fetters

During the course of gameplay, wraiths can see their Fet-

ters weaken or even vanish. Many wraiths have living beings
or animals as their Fetters; when these die the Fetters they

represent are destroyed. Fetters can also meet with accidents
or be destroyed, and there are even times when a wraith's
neglect weakens the pull a Fetter has on him.

There are five main ways in which Fetters are weakened.

¢ Destruction: If a wraith's Fetter dies or is destroyed,
its status as a Fetter ends and the wraith is immediately
dropped into a Harrowing. For this reason, wraiths do their
utmost to protect their Fetters.

© Neglect: If a wraith does his best, intentionally or
otherwise, to distance himself from a Fetter, the pull of
that Fetter may well weaken. The Storyteller has com-
plete control over whether a Fetter's attachment (i.e.,
its rating) to a wraith has diminished with neglect. If a
Storyteller decides that a wraith has neglected his Fet-
ter, she rolls the Fetter's rating against difficulty 9. A
failure indicates that the Fetter's rating lessens by one;
a botch indicates that it drops by two. This could well
remove the Fetter from the wraith and drop him into a
Harrowing.
Some Target Harrowings can reduce

¢ Harrowin
or even destroy a Fetter's attachment to a wraith.
© Rendin

Fetters. Each successful attack of this sort weakens the

Some Spectres have the ability to Rend

Fetter's rating by one, and may well force the wraith into
a Harrowing.

* Resolution: See below.

Resolving Fetters

Eventually wraiths can come to grips with their Fetters,
saying farewell to the things and people they loved on their
own terms. This is known as Resolving a Fetter, and it weak-
ens the attachment that a wraith has to the Shadowlands.
However, it is a healing process as opposed to a violent one
(like Fetter destruction), and most wraithly authorities agree
that it is a vital step in achieving Transcendence.

The Resolution of a Fetter should be roleplayed out, if at all pos-
sible. Ifa wraith has as a Fetter his father, with whom he never settled
his differences when alive, and he manages to achieve a post-mortem
reconciliation, then that Fetter should be considered to be Resolved.
When there are no regrets and no words left unsaid, when the be-
loved stuffed animal can be placed on the shelf for the last time, when
the last look at the family homestead can be taken with wistfulness
instead of regret — these are moments when Fetters are Resolved.

A character wishing to Resolve a Fetter should discuss the
matter extensively with her Storyteller, who should be prepared
to work the attempted Resolution into her chronicle as a ma-
jor plot element. At junctures that the Storyteller deems ap-
propriate, the character can roll the current rating of the Fetter
(difficulty 9). Every two successes weakens the Fetter by one.

If the wraith demonstrates conclusively through roleplaying
that her attachment to her Fetter has been Resolved, then and
only then should she be allowed to make a Resolution roll. When
attempting Resolution, the wraith rolls Willpower (difficulty 5
+ the Fetter's original rating). If the wraith achieves successes
equal to the Fetter's original rating, she succeeds in Resolving
her Fetter. If she fails, the Fetter is considered to be unResolved,
and gains a point in its rating. If she botches, the Fetter is de-
stroyed, and she immediately falls into a Destruction Harrowing.

Underworld Travel

Where a wraith can go in the Underworld is determined by
his Fetters. Without Fetters, he can't enter the Shadowlands for
long; with unResolved Fetters he can't achieve Transcendence.

Wraiths with no Fetters can appear in the Shadowlands for
only Stamina x 2 turns, as there is nothing in the Shadowlands to
anchor them against Oblivion's pull. Wraiths who Resolved some
of their Fetters can stay in the Shadowlands for Stamina x 2 scenes,
but even they must soon return to the Tempest and the places of
safety within, Wraiths without Fetters must find a safe haven in the
Tempest in which to dwell. Whether they choose Stygia or one of
the other islands of safety within that eternal storm is unimpor-
tant; what matters is that the Shadowlands are no longer an option.

Wraiths with unResolved Fetters can travel to Stygia or
within the Tempest, but the further they go from the Shadowlands
the more difficult it is for them to resist the tug of their Fetters.
When in Stygia itself, the difficulty on all rolls increases by one
for wraiths with Fetters; past Stygia in the direction of the Far
Shores or in the Labyrinth the difficulty increases by + 2.

There are those rare wraiths who Resolved all of their Fet- {

ters, to whom rumor grants the ability to travel anywhere in the
Underworld at will. The most powerful Gaunts of Stygia are sup-
posed to be of this type of wraith, as are many elder Heretics.

Shadow Experience

No-one is near, no-one will hear

your changeling song take shape

in Shadowtime

— Siouxsie & the Banshees, "Shadowtime"

If a wraith's personality gains experience and talents, it )/

doesn't make sense for his dark side to be left behind on the
learning curve. Shadows get experience as well, and can use
their experience points to buy new Thorns or temporary Angst.
On rare occasions Shadows can also purchase new Dark Pas-
sions, following the guidelines established for gaining Passions.

Shadows acquire one experience point for every three expe-
rience points their Psyches receive. In addition, for truly excep-
tional Shadowplay, extra Shadow experience can be awarded.
While this doesn't directly benefit the Shadowguide responsible
for the extra experience, it still serves as recognition of her work.

Shadows can spend experience at the following rates:

<
Ooooh, that's gotta hurt.
— Ash, Army of Darkness
aradoxically, wraiths are both fragile and
incredibly resilient. Though the swat of
a cat's paw can disperse them, they can
be riddled with Skinlands bullets and

S4| injury inflicted upon a wraith: Corpus.
A wraith's Corpus is the shell of plasm

that houses his Psyche — and Shadow. A player records in-

juries by marking off levels of Corpus, signifying damage to
her character's "body."

Unlike humans, who lose vital organs or blood when they
are wounded, wraiths lose substantiality — physical coher-
ence. The less Corpus a wraith has remaining, the thinner
and more fragile his form becomes, and thus the more suscep-
tible he becomes to Oblivion's deadly pull. A wraith who loses
all of his Corpus falls into a Harrowing, as there is no longer
anything left to him that can physically resist Oblivion's pull.

Chapter Eight: Systems 231
53 tag Bi Z " 48) = 2

barely feel it. Only one Trait deals with /

EIEIO LEAL IID AIA OLEH ODES

A wraith has two Traits to measure how solid her Corpus
is. A wraith's permanent Corpus indicates the maximum num-
ber of temporary Corpus Levels a wraith can have. A wraith
with a permanent Corpus rating of eight could never have
more than eight temporary Corpus Levels, even if she had
enough Pathos to try to heal more. In other words, temporary
Corpus can never exceed permanent.

All wraiths start with a permanent Corpus rating of 10,
but this can be reduced by Harrowings.

Corpus States

Something surely was pressing steadily against the sides of the
tent and weighting down upon it from above. Was it the body of
the wind?

— Algernon Blackwood, "The Willows"

Wraiths ist in four Corpus states: Material, Corpo-
real, Incorporeal and Harrowed.

© Material: This state is made possible only through use
of the Embody Arcanos. A Material wraith is made of solidi-
fied spiritual energy, and can be said to be physically present
in the Skinlands. When in this state, the wraith takes normal
damage from attacks by physical objects. However, he does
not suffer penalties to his Dice Pools because of damage (page
235). Material wraiths may make soak rolls and engage in
physical (hand-to-hand) combat (see Chapter 9).

© Corporeal: This is the normal state of a wraith as he
exists in the Shadowlands. When in this state, the wraith
can suffer damage "through the Shroud." Any object — a
bullet, a speeding car, a forcefully thrown baseball — that
collides with the wraith that would normally cause damage to
a human being inflicts one level of Corpus damage and turns
the wraith Incorporeal for a number of rounds equal to his
Stamina rating. Thus a rock hurled through the space a
wraith is standing in would inflict one level of Corpus and

The Rule of Ouch

When trying to decide if an impact is

an e!

enough to cause a level of Corpus damz ve
recommend that Storytellers use the Rule of
Ouch. Simply put, if the impact in question
would be enough to make the Storyteller go,
"ouch," it's enough to inflict a level of Cor

pus
testing the impacts in question. Remember,

However, we don't recommend actually

there's no touching in Wraith, and besides,

common sense should be enough of a guide.

turn him Incorporeal. A soda can, however, absently tossed at
the wraith would not inflict Corpus damage, nor would it send
him Incorporeal. Wraiths can also voluntarily inflict Corpus
damage on themselves and become Incorporeal by walking
through a wall or other solid object. This is how wraiths can
walk through locked doors, barred gates, walls, etc.

A wraith only loses Corporeality if damaged by some-
thing in the Skinlands. Shadowlands damage does not cause
a wraith to become Incorporeal.

Incorporeal: When a wraith is Corporeal and suffers dam-
age from an object in the living world, he becomes Incorporeal
with respect to the Skinlands. This always causes the wraith to
lose a level of Corpus. His form immediately becomes misty
and indistinct. During this time, no further damage can be in-
flicted from the Skinlands. This state lasts for a number of turns
equal to the wraith's Stamina. Incorporeal wraiths are still solid
with respect to the Shadowlands; a wraith can be run over by a
truck and rendered Incorporeal one turn, then impaled on a
Legionnaire's sword for three levels of Corpus the next.

Harrowed: When a wraith loses all her Corpus, she is
immediately sucked into the Tempest (possibly even the Laby-
rinth) and put through the nightmarish experience called a
Harrowing. If a wraith survives her Harrowing, she is drawn
back to one of her Fetters, where her Corpus re-forms. If she
has no more Fetters, she will find herself instead floating in
the Tempest near a Byway.

A wraith who survives a Harrowing caused by loss of Cor-
pus will re-form with a number of Corpus Levels equal to her
Stamina rating or her permanent Corpus, whichever is lower.

Healing

Luckily for wraiths, their ghostly shells require little main-
tenance, and they may convert their own Pathos energy into
Corpus. By spending a point of Pathos, a wraith can regain one
of his lost Corpus Levels (only one point per turn may be spent
this way). The Usury Arcanos can also restore a wraith's Cor-
pus. A wraith may also heal Corpus Levels by Slumbering. A
Slumbering character fades into one of his Fetters for eight
hours. At the end of this time, assuming the Slumber was un-
interrupted, the player rolls the character's Stamina (difficulty
6). Each success heals one level of non-aggravated damage.

Types of Damage

There are two types of damage that wraiths can suffer:
normal and aggravated.

Normal damage is the standard type of damage caused by any
attack, from a club to a rocket launcher to a fist. A wraith can heal
normal damage with one point of Pathos per Corpus Level.

Aggravated damage is an especially severe form of damage.
Certain creatures and items can injure a wraith so horribly that
the damage cannot easily be repaired. These injuries, called


IN

Sess
aggravated wounds, can be inflicted by any of the following:
weapons made of Stygian steel; barrow-flame (the flame of
the Shadowlands); soulfire (crystallized Pathos); the claws and
teeth of some Spectres (see "Shade Powers," page 272); the
claws and teeth of vampires, werewolves and other supernatu-
ral creatures (assuming they could somehow get into the
Shadowlands); and certain Arcanos powers (such as Outrage
and Usury). Furthermore, the Storyteller may declare that any
particularly severe injury is an aggravated injury.

When an aggravated wound is inflicted, the player must
cross off one Corpus Level per level of aggravated damage.
Aggravated injuries may be healed only if the wraith Slum-
bers and spends three Pathos points. Every eight hours of Slum-
bering or Meditation plus the expenditure of three points of
Pathos heals one Corpus Level taken as an aggravated injury
(see the Meditation Ability on page 123).

Ifa wraith loses all of his remaining Corpus Levels due to
aggravated damage, he immediately tumbles into the Laby-
rinth and undergoes a Destruction Harrowing.

Sources of injury

Despite wraiths' resilience, there are many ways to harm them.
Some are shared with and readily understandable by mortals; others
are specific to wraiths. These sources of injury are described below.

Characters, whether human or wraith, can make b

Stamina rolls (difficulty 6) to "soak" (resist) damage. Each
success indicates that the wraith suffers one less Corpus
of damage.

Physical objects in the world of the living can harm
wraiths, provided that the wraith is Material or Corporeal,

and that the object could harm a living person. Thus, rain, ¥

snow or paper footballs, which cannot injure mortals, are not 4

harmful to wraiths. On the other hand, unfriendly contact
with an oncoming truck, a bullet or a sword — anything harm-
ful to mortals — results in the loss of one Corpus Level and
the temporary Incorporeality of the wraith.

Combat

Combat and the injuries it can cause are dealt with at

length in Chapter 9: Drama. Each success on an opponent's

damage roll causes the character to lose one Corpus Level;
typically, this damage may be soaked. Of course, damage
from across the Shroud (from the living world) only causes
the loss of one Corpus Level and forces the wraith into the
Incorporeal state.

" " }
In the Shadowlands, firearms work "normally," but fires @%

and other chemical reactions produce no heat. The excep- {

tions are the hideous substances known as soulfire and bar-
row-flame, though soulfire burns hot and barrow-flame is cold.

Chapter Eight: Systems 233


Many Stygian weapons are forged from the peculiar alloy
called Stygian steel. Developed by Nhudri, the Grand High
Attificer, it is an alloy of scrapings from the walls of the
Veinous Stair and wraith plasm that is said to be tempered in
the stuff of Oblivion. Tougher than anything else in the Un-
derworld, it causes aggravated damage to any wraiths (or Spec-
tres) whom a blade forged from it strikes. High-ranking Le-
gionnaires often carry Stygian steel weapons; lower ranks of-
ten carry soulsteel blades (made from smelted Corpus) instead.

Falling

There always remains the chance that a wraith will acci-
dentally step out a window or off the edge of a rooftop and
plummet to the ground below. Gravity cannot be ignored,
even by the Restless. Use the chart below to calculate the
damage a wraith takes from falling. Damage from falling is
considered to be Shadowlands damage and does not force a
wraith to become Incorporeal.

Falling in the Tempest is a different matter altogether, since
entropy replaces gravity in the eternal storm. Wraiths who fall
through the Tempest are assumed to reach a velocity equiva-
lent to that reached after falling 60 feet and impact damage
should be calculated accordingly. Wraiths who fall through the
Tempest into a Harrowing take no additional damage from their
plummeting descent, and wraiths falling through the Tempest
can be caught by sufficiently daring Harbingers.

Distance (in feet) Injury

5-9 One Corpus Level
10-19 Two Corpus Levels
20-29 Three Corpus Levels
30-39 Four Corpus Levels
40-49 Five Corpus Levels
50-59 Six Corpus Levels
60-69 Seven Corpus Levels

..and so on, to a maximum of 10 Corpus Levels.

Fire

Fire is hazardous to mortals, and it can injure wraiths
when ignited in the Shadowlands. Fire in the living world
can hurt wraiths "through the Shroud," but, like any other
sort of physical damage from the living world, it simply causes
them to lose one Corpus Level and become Incorporeal. On
the other hand, fire in the Shadowlands, also called barrow-
flame, always causes aggravated damage to wraiths, and thus
is capable of destroying them. Barrow-flame exists solely in
the Underworld, and as such cannot harm the living. It func-
tions just as fire does in the world of the Quick, save for
the fact that it is cold rather than hot. This unholy fire
lingers in places of great destruction in the Skinlands, and

234 Wraith: The Oblivion

its appearance often presages new disasters. The Necropoli
of London, Atlanta, Philadelphia and Los Angeles, among
others, are speckled with barrow-flame.

A flame of any size has the potential to harm a character.
Each turn a wraith is exposed to flame, he may roll his Stamina
rating against the difficulty listed on the chart below to resist
the damage. The player must roll each turn the character is
in the flames. If a roll is failed, the character takes from one
to three Corpus Levels of damage (refer to the second chart
below). If a roll succeeds, the character takes one fewer Cor-
pus Levels of damage per success (a la a soak roll). If wraith
botches the roll, he is harmed in some special way — perhaps
he loses his eyesight, or his limbs are maimed.

Difficulty Heat of Fire
Three Heat of a candle (first-degree burns)
Five Heat of a torch (second-degree burns)
Seven Heat of a Bunsen burner (third-degree burns)
Nine Heat of a chemical fire
Ten Heat of molten steel
Wounds Size of Fire
One Torch; a part of the body is burned
Two Bonfire; half of the body is burned
Three Raging inferno; entire body burned

Soulfire crystals, if grasped, can cause aggravated dam-
age just as barrow-fire can. Wraiths who are Moliated into
torch shape have a soulfire crystal attached to their re-
formed Corpora, and as such can actually be used as weap-
ons. On the other hand, soulfire is also hot enough liter-
ally to cause a wraith's Corpus to melt, and this deforma-
tion can also inflict aggravated damage.

Maelstroms

From time to time, Maelstroms sweep across the
Shadowlands and through the Byways. Aside from the fact
that Maelstroms carry Spectres with them, they also can
do great damage to a wraith with their howling winds, slash-
ing rain and terrifying lightning. While Storytellers might
wish to roleplay out the effects of having characters caught
in a Maelstrom, for basic Maelstrom damage they should
refer to the chart below.

Maelstrom Level Damage per turn of contact
One Four dice
Two Six dice
Three Eight dice
Four 12 dice
Five 14 dice

A wraith may resist Maelstrom damage by using Casti-
gate or by seeking shelter within a Haunt. Damage is per turn
of contact with the Maelstrom.


‘Sot!' cried Manfred, in a rage, ‘is it only a ghost, then, that
thou hast seen?'
— Horace Walpole, The Castle of Otranto
& —Tip]] ecause wraiths frequently deal with mor-

gj) tal humans, it is important to understand
what injures the living. Instead of having

we ; Sa

f| a Corpus rating, humans have Health Lev-
els. Humans have seven Health Levels, in-
stead of wraiths' 10 levels of Corpus. A
mortal's Health rating can be thought of
as a spectrum with "Bruised" at one end and "Incapacitated"
at the other. Each wound level beyond "Bruised" carries with

it a penalty to a human's Dice Pool, due to the fact that some-
one who is wounded tends not to operate at peak efficiency.
Storytellers should mark off one Health Level for every wound
that a human character takes.

Mortal Death

When a mortal or animal reaches Incapacitated, she is
one Health L
time, or if it is impossible to stem the flow of blood from her
Bess she willl ie irehare orden

away from death. If she is injured one more

Of course, mortals heal differently than wraiths do. With
proper medical attention, mortals recover based on the fol-
lowing chart. Note that the time given is how long it takes
to recover that particular Health Level — other Health Lev-
els must be healed as well. Thus, if the mortal takes three
months to recover from being Mauled, he must still take the
time to heal Wounded, Injured and so one.

Health Level Time
Bruised One day
Hurt Three days
Injured One week
Wounded One month
Mauled Three months
Crippled Three Months *
Incapacitated Perhaps never

*Not only do mortals have to heal this Health Level, but
they lose one point from one of their Physical Attributes as
well (Storyteller discretion). Mortals who reach Incapacitated
heal at the Storyteller's discretion; some enter comas for the
rest of their lives; others make miraculous recoveries.

Ifa mortal dies while possessed with Puppetry, the wraith
possessing her takes Corpus damage equivalent to the Health
damage that destroyed his mortal host.

Note: Wraiths can heal mortals with the Usury Arcanos
(see page 160).


Bruised
Hurt
Injured
W
Mauled

Cripy

Perceptions

I believe that all these varied experiences have been sent to us
not to amuse us by tales to be told and then forgotten but as the
essential warp and woof of a new spiritual garment which is to be
woven for the modern world.

— Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Law of the Ghost"
hosts have always been associated with
altered perceptions on the parts of the liv-
ing. This doesn't change in the World of
Darkness; there are several altered states
associated with the presence of wraiths.
Transcendence is one that can be
achieved (theoretically) by wraiths them-
selves, while the Shroud separates the living from the Rest-
less and the Fog protects mortals' fragile minds from the
implications of ghostly existence.

Transcendence

Trasumanar significar per verba non si poria.

(The passing beyond humanity cannot be set forth in words.)

— Dante, Paradiso

There, in the shifting darkness between the tenement houses,
your friend struggles with two protean forms: one dark like a
shadow, the other limned in pearly light. You wait; he doesn't like
interference. Raising his head in a silent howl, he clutches at the
beings of shadow and light, and a silver flash arcs between the
three. You shiver, sensing something potent coalescing around you.

Your friend's eyes widen, as his body drains of substance and
texture. Centered within his transparent form, a silver light begins
to blaze with the ineffable brilliance of the Sunlit Lands. The
Necropolis' gray walls grow somehow darker, while, from some-
where above you, you hear beautiful voices whispering and laugh-
ing — not the cruel sniggering and sardonic remarks of the damned,
but eloquent, musical sounds of joy. For a brief moment, the greasy
clouds above the Necropolis part. Light and warmth flood the city
of the dead, as its inhabitants shield their eyes and cower, wonder-
ing what new form of attack the Spectres are attempting.

236 Wraith: The Oblivion

As you stare slack-jawed, your friend's form ripples and dissi-
pates. Where he stood, a silver beam of light shoots straight up into
the roiling cleft in the clouds. You stand rooted in place, longing to
follow, but the beam disappears. The clouds clap shut like dun-
geon doors, and the ground trembles with the bass rumble of thun-
der. In one brief moment of beauty, your friend is gone...forever.

The Elusive Truth

Accounts of Transcendence vary: a tunnel of light, a
parting of clouds, a golden chariot conveying the Tran-
scended to Heaven, the transformation of the enlightened
Corpus into a shining white lotus flower, even the simple
dissipation of the illusion of self and plasmic "reality." Yet
these accounts all agree on one thing: the Transcended never
return to tell their stories.

Piecing together elements of such legends, the Restless
have constructed a representative understanding of Transcen-
dence. Variously put, Transcendence is the attainment of a
higher or more balanced order of being, a state of ultimate
self-awareness and inner peace, the release or acceptance (de-
pending upon one's point of view) of the negative aspects of
being, a cosmic harmony of opposites writ small, or final re-
lease from the suffering and passions of the Underworld. When
a wraith Transcends, she has completed a purification pro-
cess. Just what constitutes this process depends upon one's
outlook. Wraiths who view Transcendence as a spiritual
achievement also see it as the reward for undertaking the ar-
duous process of transformation into a virtuous being. Some
view it as the result of shedding one's illusions and develop-
ing wisdom by simply accepting what is. Wraiths with no re-
ligious or philosophical bent often believe Transcendence to
be the evolution of mental essence into a more advanced form.
On the other hand, many believe that Transcendence is sim-
ply a cruel hoax designed to nourish false hope.

Nonetheless, while no definitive proof of its reality has been
established, many legends point to Transcendence as a very real
state. Some wraiths claim that if you look deep into the eyes of a
Ferryman, you can see the blessed faces of all those who have
Transcended. Others posit that Ferrymen, akin to Bodhisattvas,
are compassionate Transcended beings who remain behind in
the Underworld to shepherd the dead to Transcendence.

Historically, Ferrymen have been known to usher wraiths to
their just destinations. Early in the century, half a dozen wraiths
(all long since vanished, of course) witnessed the Transcendence
of the famed Stygian Sandman and artist Elector Merian when,
for the price of the Phantasmal masterpiece dubbed "Charity,"
the dread Ferryman Antaecthon ferried the painter to the pool
of Bittersweet Remembrance in the Sunless Sea. As the artist
stepped onto the Pool's silvery circle, the Ferryman offered these
mysterious words: "Elector Merian, you have become Charity.
Forever, in joy, will we see through these eyes."

Others claim that Charon Transcended as he disappeared
into the whirlpool with Gorool, for they felt a glowing warmth


in their dead Corpora thereafter. Many of these wraiths took
up the path of Transcendence, and, a few decades later, disap-
peared into the mists on the boats of the Ferrymen Zaphnath-
paaneah and Timotheus. And there have even been accounts
of wraiths who, having perfected the art of Fatalism, claim to

have seen their own Transcendent destinies. Lionel Vastupi, a
19th-century Monitor of Necropolis New York, was one of these;
claiming that his Transcended self spoke to him during Slum-
ber, he was said to have awakened spiritually under its strange,
periodic tutelage. In 1944, he dissipated before a crowd of
wraiths in Central Park. Even more peculiar, each witness clai
to have seen Vastupi's Corpus transform into something differ-
ent as it dissipated: an angelic being, a beam of light, the waft-
ing smoke of fragrant incense, a fragile white rose withering

before their eyes. These witnesses have all been discredited or
have publicly recanted their statements, but hope springs eter-

nal, especially among those who have all eternity.

The Aspirant

Like the living, wraiths have no definitive proof of exist-
ence after death (i.e., Transcendence) — testimonials, yes,
but no hard evidence. Many wraiths would like to keep it
that way. To them, the possibility of Transcendence is simply
undesirable. An unknown, mysterious state, it is terrifying,
particularly to those who believe or fear that the universe
works on a principle of justice. Wraiths who are attracted to

the concept generally consist of those who have nothing left
to lose, want a purpose or a goal to work toward, or desire
inner peace and believe that none of the institutions, rela-
tionships or potential gains of the Underworld will provide
it. Still others desire good, s
evil, and view Transcendence as the only escape from such

e the loss of souls to Oblivion as

loss. Some simply hate the Underworld and seek to move on.

Often, those who in life sought their versions of Tran-
scendence also seek it in death. Many such aspirants consist
of worshippers and members of religious orders such as priests
or nuns, but, of course, are not limited only to these. The vast
majority of active aspirants eventually find themselves jour-
neying toward the Far Shores. Still, despite the numbers of
the devoted and the diligence with which they work toward
their goal, most of these wraiths never attain Transcendence.

The Successful

The quantity of Underworld speculation on what charac-
terizes the Transcended could fill at least half a dozen
Alexandrian Libraries. Stygian scholars, if they admit that Tran-
scendence is real at all, generally concede that only a rare few
attain it — less than one-half of one percent of the Underworld's
population of wraiths (and even fewer former Spectres). Lead-
ers of the various Far Shores realms heartily disagree with this
perception, deluging nonbelievers with litanies of Transcen-
dence tales for every ounce of skepticism expressed.

Chapter Eight: Systems 237


Whoever is right, almost all students of Transcendence
have come to agree that certain "proven" axioms, known as
the Eight Truths in some circles, pertain to these enlight-
ened aspirants (many of whose legends have been recorded
in a set of heavy volumes known throughout the
Shadowlands as The Tomes of Golden Light). First among the
Truths is that it takes decades, usually centuries, to Tran-

scend. This process of perfection varies according to beliefs.

Many wraiths trust that the aspirant only requires a simple
heart and a fervent wish to Transcend; a higher power will
send trials over the course of centuries to purify and perfect
what remains. Others believe that the aspirant must com-
pletely master her mind in order to Transcend, but that the
power of perfection is to be found entirely within herself.
There is also a small following of those who discount the
stories of the long-suffering aspirants in The Tomes of Golden
Light, all of whom required a century or more to attain some
semblance of perfection. These wraiths believe in a kind of
epiphanic Transcendence, in which a sentence, a picture, a
snatch of music or a fragrant scent can send the diligent
aspirant directly into a state of Transcendence. Many Her-
etic groups champion this noton of instant Transcendence;
if nothing else it makes for attractive tales for recruiting.
Second among the Truths is that aspirants must possess a
higher drive, something internal compelling them to think
and behave more spiritually than they ordinarily might. This

spiritual fervor has many names: the Eidolon, the Spirit, the
Inner Light, the Eternal Flame, the Buddha Within, even
simple "resolve" — but whatever its name, it provides the
‘ssary inner push toward perfection.

The complete list of Eight Truths is as follows. The de-
voted aspirant must:

nec

* Practice patience in attaining Transcendence, for it
comes at great length and at great cost;

© Cultivate the higher drive (Eidolon, Spirit, Inner Light, etc.);

© Conquer the Shadow;

* Make peace with himself;

© Make peace with the world of the living;

¢ Value the mind over the plasmic body;

© Value the goal of Transcendence over identity or mind;

Perfect the positive virtues, among which are num-
bered: compassion, courage, creativity, honesty, hope, humil-
ity, humor, love, perseverance, self-acceptance and wisdom.

Official Positions

Whether or not the "Truths" listed above are self-evi-
dent is up to the individual wraith (or player) to decide. How-
ever, because of the potentially disruptive nature of the topic,
positions on Transcendence have evolved within each of the
Underworld's three political factions over the past millennium.

SM
BX 4
aC UKE

The Hierarchy does not officially discount Transcendence
as a myth, but neither does it encourage its pursuit. The party
line is that Transcendence is an impracticality; it distracts
wraiths from the more important duties of maintaining the
Necropoli and fighting the forces of Oblivion. In reality, Hi-
erarchy wraiths fear the fanaticism of aspirants and thus try
to downplay the stories of Transcendence that persistently
crop up throughout the Shadowlands.

Because of their diversity, Renegades have no official posi-
tion on Transcendence, although many are likely to scoff at the
idea. Those who believe it can be attained often spurn the ac-
cepted paths (the Eight Truths, for instance) in favor of ones of
their own design, such as epiphanies and ecstatic revelations.

Heretics, of course, are the natural choice for aspirants.
After all, what better moral compass is there for misguided
souls than someone who pursues and achieves perfection? At
odds with the Hierarchy, many Heretics seek to publicize re-
ports of Transcendence in order to convert others to their
ways of thinking.

Storytelling the Path Beyond

Despite its canonical treatment throughout the Under-
world, Transcendence remains a mystery. A wraith may perfect
the Eight Truths listed above and still not ascend into the clouds
ona flaming chariot of gold. Perhaps the Eight Truths are bunk
preached by the unTranscended and propagated by the realms
of the Far Shores to increase membership (after all, just be-
cause students of Transcendence all agree on something doesn't
mean it's correct). Perhaps following the Eight Truths does not
result in the balance necessary to achieve Transcendence. Or
perhaps Transcendence can be attained by alternate means:
self-sacrifice, travel, deep study of a belief system, creation of
one's own belief system, or a complete acceptance of the way
things are. The real essence of Transcendence must be a matter
for the Storyteller and players to resolve.

Characters who Transcend usually leave the game; on the
other hand, Storytellers who want to devise a detailed expla-
nation of what happens on the other side of Transcendence
may want to keep a Transcended character around as a plot
hook. Generally speaking, Transcendence should be treated as
the theme for an entire chronicle: it is neither easy nor fast.
Other than the fact of Transcendence, the path beyond holds
no sure reward; the promise is there, but the evidence is not.

Characters following the path undertake great hardship.
The trials they face make less courageous wraiths turn tail,
but true aspirants find it within themselves to confront these
conflicts. And the farther along the path aspirants travel, the
harder the choices they face: the path to Transcendence of-
fers many opportunities for great roleplaying, and should not
be reduced to a series of dice rolls.

The Storyteller may wish to use the following progres-
sion as a guideline for organizing a Transcendence chronicle.

Resolving Fetters
A necessary step in Transcending is letting go of the ties that
bind the wraith to the world of the living. This is not the same as
having them severed. Letting go means that the wraith must will-
ingly set straight his unfinished business with the world by Resolv-
ing all his Fetters. Because the Resolution of each Fetter repre-
sents a story, this step alone takes quite a while to accomplish.

increasing Eidolon

Before a wraith can tackle the psychological complexi-
ties of confronting her own Shadow, she must develop her
higher self, strengthen her resolve, and perfect her positive |
traits (courage, self-acceptance, love, honesty, hope, compas- f) )

sion, creativity, humor, wisdom) — all of which are repre- {//

sented in the character's Eidolon rating. The Storyteller may
require that the player increase her character's Eidolon to five
or more, depending upon how long he wants the chronicle to |
take and how difficult he wants to make the attainment of
Transcendence. As Backgrounds such as Eidolon cannot be }
purchased with experience points, this aspect of the search
for Transcendence must be roleplayed out.

Merging the Shadow and Psyche

Before progressing further, the character must combine
these two forces in a gesture of full self-acceptance. While
they are apart, they oppose and feed off one another. When
they are one, they become a powerful tool for Transcendence

The Shadow: Once the character has strengthened her
resolve against her Shadow by increasing her Eidolon, she
can confront it and the doubt, resistance, antipathy and sub-
conscious impulses it represents. This part of the path to Tran-
scendence reflects the character's spiritual journey through a)
psychological Underworld and out again, just as Dante tra-
versed the Inferno and Persephone visited Hades. Each story

in this cycle should result in a small reduction of Angst (or (){)

the wraith's pain, fear, alienation, self-doubt and frustration) ¢) |

and of the Shadow's Dark Passions. Such reduction should) |

not come as a result of denying these sources of Angst; rather,
it should result from an acceptance of them.

The Psyche: Transcendence requires not only that the

aspirant defeat her Shadow, but that she also defeat the part (4

of her Psyche which values static identity over Eidolon. In
order to prepare for the last step toward Transcendence, a
wraith must be willing to risk both her body and her mind to
destruction. If she cannot accept the possibility that Tran-
scendence requires permanent dissolution of both Corpus and
of identity, she is ill-prepared to face the Final Harrowing that
determines her destiny, whether that be Transcendence or
Oblivion. Stories in this cycle should place the mind and body
at risk with the intention of increasing the character's accep-
tance of her own dissolution.

Chapter Eight: Systems 239


= i
Eliminating Passions
Ordinarily, this step occurs last because it destroys a
wraith's final ties to both the Sunlit Lands and the Under-
world. At this point, the wraith has no Fetters and has come
to terms with the potential loss of body and mind as the
result of her path. This step tests that belief to the limit.
Immediately upon Resolving her final Passion, a wraith un-
dergoes a climactic Destruction Harrowing which deter-
mines whether or not she achieves Transcendence. Suc-
cess takes her to Transcendence; failure carries terrible
consequences. Optionally, a wraith who succeeds in Re-
solving her Passions can replace her former Passions with
anew one: Achieve Transcendence (Desire for Unity) 5.
If ordinary Passions provide reasons for the character to
exist after life, her new Passion provides a consuming rea-
son for her to exist after death. Thus, instead of slipping
into Oblivion, the character becomes completely self-ac-
cepting, follows her Passion and, in fact, Transcends.

Alternately, the Storyteller may wish to present the player
with scenarios that work toward more than one of these goals
ata time instead of following a strict progression. This option
makes it more difficult to keep track of a character's progress,
but it may feel more natural than the step-by-step method.

In the end, there is no hard and fast method for
achieving Transcendence; much depends on the indi-
vidual character's beliefs, mindset and desires. On the
other hand, this should serve as a rough outline for lead-
ing a character to Transcendence, should any wraith wish
to journey so far.

The Shroud

I have said that Danforth refused to tell me what final horror
had made him scream out so insanely...
— H.P. Lovecraft, At the Mountains of Madness

The Shroud is the veil of fear and misunderstanding that
separates the Skinlands from the Shadowlands. It is invis-
ible and intangible, yet it serves to keep the two worlds firmly
apart. It is because of the Shroud that wraiths cannot be
seen or heard by the living, save when the Restless exercise
their wills and Arcanoi to pierce the Shroud.

The thickness of the Shroud is hardly a constant. It
varies from place to place, from time to time, and accord-
ing to the sort of people in a given area at a given moment.
A cemetery at midnight, populated by devotees of Edgar
Allen Poe, would have a much thinner Shroud than the
heart of Wall Street during lunch hour on a sunny day.
The thinner the Shroud, the easier it is for wraiths to af-
fect the Skinlands there; were there ever a place where the
Shroud rating was zero, wraiths in that spot would be plainly

visible to any mortals standing nearby. However, the Shroud
rating of a place can never dip below 4, no matter what.

Other Awakened beings (vampires, werewolves, mages,
changelings, etc.) can thin the Shroud by their mere pres-
ence. The Shroud thickness is reduced by 2 in the pres-
ence of any other supernatural being, regardless of type,
but it can never go below 4. So the Shroud around a vam-
pire standing in a graveyard, or a sluagh in a dismal part of
the sewers, regardless, will still be 4.

The chart below details sample Shroud thicknesses:

Shroud Rating

A shopping mall ona sunny spr
A clean subway station in the afternoon

A well-cared for home with ne

violent histor

rowded, dim club playing Toy

A country crossroads on a moonless night

Old mansion where brutal murders were committed

Deserted cemetery at midnight on a full moon

The fos

The living simultaneously want and fear proof of life af-
ter death. While they want to know that there's something
beyond the last breath, ghosts provide tangible proof of death
itself, and give the lie to the notion that everyone goes to
Heaven. With that in mind, the human psyche protects itself
by weaving a Fog between itself and even the most blatant
manifestation of ghostly activity. By virtue of the Fog, most
of the Quick will find themselves rationalizing or simply for-
getting any encounters they have with the Restless

Some are not affected by the Fog: innocent children,
animals, the insane and certain of the other supernatural
denizens of the World of Darkness. Any of these can roll
Perception + Alertness (difficulty 8) and see and hear the
wraiths in their vicinity. Of course, this extra-perception
doesn't extend to others in the vicinity of the person who
sees the ghost; to them their child will be talking to an imagi-
nary friend, and their cat will be hissing at nothing at all.

Note: Not all supernatural beings can see past the
Shroud in this manner. Giovanni and Samedi vampires,
Euthanatos and Dreamspeaker mages, sluagh fae, and Si-
lent Strider and Stargazer werewolves are among those most
likely to be able to detect hovering wraiths. On the other
hand, even most vampires are likely to be unaware of ghosts.
For more information on the other dwellers in the World
of Darkness, see page 281.

fog Ratings

Willpower % of Population Reaction

l 10%  Catatonic Fear: Terrified into paraly-
sis, mortals in this category will, at best, be able to
grope about for a hiding place. Rational thoughts and
complex actions are completely out of the question.

) 209
20%

» Panic: Blind flight is the imme-
diate response of this segment of the population
to the presence of a wraith.

3 18% Disbelief: This response is the
classic over-rationalization; someone in this cat-
egory who sees a ghost will put it down to any-
thing but the presence of the supernatural.

4 15%
action, the berserk response causes mortals to
throw whatever's handy at the intruding wraith,

Berserk: A purely animalistic re-

smash things and otherwise take out their fear
by causing blind destruction.

5 13% Terror: The mortal is afraid, but
retains some self-control. She will quickly try to
put as much distance as possible between herself
and the wraith, but she won't run out the front
door screaming, "Ghosts!"

6 10%  Conciliatory: The mortal is afraid,

but is collected enough to attempt to bargain.

9,

( /o

While still
afraid, a mortal in this category will still act ra-

Controlled Fear

tionally: refusing to go down to the basement
by herself, putting her haunted house up for sale
immediately, ete.

8 5% Curiosity: Members of this cat-
egory are more fascinated than afraid, though
they may run immediately for their camcorders
or the psychic hotline. Wraiths are likely to find
their attentions overwhelming.

9 1.5%

born than death, this type of mortal will stand

Righteous Anger: More stub-

her ground against even the most sadistic
Haunter. These mortals refuse to fear wraiths,
seeing them as opponents instead of supernatu-
ral agents.

10 0.5% No Reaction/Blasé: This sort
of mortal has no particular reaction to the
presence of the Restless at all. Perhaps he's
had a near-death experience, he might think
the wraiths are messengers from his departed
Uncle Harry or maybe he's just not too bright.
Either way, he doesn't regard ghosts as any-

thing special.

Chapter Eight: Systems

nO


qhe Harrowing

Late that night, I'm pacing the floor
in the schoolhouse when the room sud-
altogether. There's a roaring concussion
that cracks the darkness like a cannon
shot, and the floor opens up beneath
my feet. I let fly awarbling scream asl
pitch backward, spinning head over
heels intoa cold, dark void. Panic grips
my throat and squeezes, hard.

Once [ realize that I've somehow
fallen through the floor, thedisorient-
ing sensation of disintegration subsides.
T feel as though I'm floating through a
dense fog, still moving downward, but
with direction, it now scems. Some-
thing is pulling me down, relentlessly.
Wind whistles shrilly in my ears and
tugs at me as powerful gusts buffet me
from every direction, and the force of
it tosses meabout like I'm adust mote.
Still, I keep on heading down.

This is it! 1 hear that other
voice in my head say. It's all over;
so just let go and enjoy theride-.*.

Rushes of vertigo and ‘stomach-
tightening nausea sweep through me as I
twist about inthe dark emptiness. I think
Tye stopped screaming, but it's impos-
sible to tell. The wind shricks around
me with a thousand voices that drown

‘out my thoughts, let alone my words.

eee

AIL] can see is a swelling dark-
ness that churns around me like fat
storm clouds. am not even sure if
my cyes are open or Closed, but! soon

decide that it doesn't matter. Such

distinctions seem almost silly. The

void is exactly the same, whether it's
inside me and outside me.

"No,"-1 whisper, the sound
faint and Jost on the wind.

A powerful surge of terror seizes
me. I stretch out my arms in.a vain
attempt to touch something to orient
myself, but feel nothing and continue
to tumble in free-fall. 1 have an inter
nal sense of moving at great speed as
strong, irresistible forces tear at me.
The darkness before my eyes surges
with dangerous, hungry energies.

Nol says another, louder voice
in my head. You can't fet'gol... You
can't give up!

I struggle to clear my mind and
force the chatteting voices inside
my head to stop by mentally repeat-
ing — I'm still me! I'm still me! —
but that single simple thought
seems so small and insignificant.

I'm still me, and I can‘ give up!
Not when Sarah i Karen might
still need me!

T let loose another scream that's

so intense it's painful, It tears the night

like-a blade slashing through a sheer,
dark curtain. Gripped by terror, I watch
as huge, distorted faces, horribly back-
lit by flashes of red.and purple light-
ning, materialize from the darkness and
Joom close to me: Hands — some of
which don't even look human — reach
out for me, raking the ait with hooked
fingers as huge and terrifying as scythes.

The roaring sound of hurricane
winds fills my ears, but all the
while, beneath it, | hear something
clse...indistinct voices that scream
at me and call out my name,

Tcant make out anything they are
saying because the voices and the
screaming thoughts that fill my mind
blend into a single, howling cacophony
that rises louder with soul-shaking fury.

...please..:make this stop...
the voice inside my head whimpers
like alost, frightened child. .. just
let me disappear....forever. ..

An unimaginable cold grips
me, paralyzing my mind, my Cor-
pas, my very soul. I suddenly real-
ize*that I recognize the faces that
are materializing out of the darkness
around me.I scream and try to turn
away, but no matter where I look, 1
see them. I canteven close my eyes.

They come closer, now. Mr.

Moore, the terrifying Sunday school


teacher who kept on telling a frightened
little boy that he was going to Hell.
‘Karen, just as she looked after her...ac-
cident. Sarah, but her features horribly

distorted by a combination of Just and
contempt. My father's face — pale and
bloated, exactly the way I remember it
from that day so long ago when I found
him hanging from a rope tired to the
rafters in the garage. His'lips move, but
the words he says, the blame and accusa-
tions, echo only in my memory.

Te'sall-your faut, the parody of my
father whispers. Now it's time to pay.

"No," whimper. "Dad, stop this."

You're everything aboutme that
was weak, David, the voice contin-
ues. Is it inside my head or out? I cant
tell. Youeven tried todie the sameway,
butyoudidn'thave the courage. You're
failure evenas a suicide.

There's a horrible sense of
rightness to what my father says. All
around me, it's getting colder. "I
tried to be strong, Dad, but it was
so hard after Karen died. So hard..."

It was your fault she died:

You. killed her, just like you

* killed me.

"No!" I cry out, feeling terribly,
utterly alone. "You've been dead for

decades, Dad, and you did this to

yourself —for God's sake letme be!"

My fathers face fades away with a
howl, and the darkness coalesces into
something else — a dark oval that is
framed by the swirling glow of night sky.
‘With a jolt of surprise, [realize that I'm
ying on my back, looking up at a thin,
skeletal face. Bright eyes stare back at me
from undemeath the dark folds of the
Fenyman's hood. Harsh, angular lines
of bone cast deep shadows beneath his
eyesand chin. The lipless mouth appears
to be grinning at me. The only spark of
fife or intelligence is in those glowing
eyes. They bore into me like spikes.

"You're strong," the Ferryman
says, his teeth clacking like stone
against stone. "I knew you wouldnt give
in so easily to the temptations of your
Shadow. You havea good sense of your=
self. Ultimately, that can only help."

I'm too drained to reply as the
Ferryman leans over me with one
hand extended. | fcel his fingertips
brush across my forehead.

"I—Lhave to find her, my daugh-
ter," V'say, not even sure if I'm speak-
ing out foud or not. It takes an im-
mense effort merely to think clearly,
much less speak. "Can you help me?"

A low, chuffing sound like
laughter fills my ears.

"There are things ‘you can do,"

the Ferryman says, his voice deep

and sonorous. "Talents and abilities
you don't even realize you have.
Learn to use them, and you'll go far."

T dont reply. I'm still finding
it difficult to focus my thoughts:

"Your daughter is not here," the
Ferryman says simply. "She was, a
Jong while ago, but she wasn't in the
Shadowlands for very long. She dis:
appeared shortly after she arrived.
The Reaper who attacked you caught
her and.took her away. | wouldn't be
at all surprised if he's taken her to
his Haunt. His little cabal maintains
a stronghold in the Tempest, and
they're always looking for recruits."

"The Tempest?" I echo, hear
ing the tremor in my voice. "Where
is that? How can I get there? I have
tofind her!"

The Ferryman shakes his head.
The cloth of his hood rustles with a
harsh, scraping sound. "It's right un-
detneath your fect," he says. "You'll
find it soon enough, I suspect."

"Can you take me there?" Task,
but as I stare up at him, his face
slowly wavers and then dissolves
into the darkness. Once again, Tam
alone in the ecric silence of the
empty schoolhouse. I realize that
death isn't the end. Far from it.

Its just the beginning...



Itis absurd asking me to behave myself...quite absurd. I must
rattle my chains, and groan through keyholes, and walk about at
night, if that is what you mean. It is my only reason for existing.

— Oscar Wilde, "The Canterville Ghost"

here are a lot of things a wraith might do
during the course of a chronicle, from
taunting an opponent to researching the
legends of the Ferrymen to engaging in a
Mia) high-speed car chase. While it's generally
pretty easy to figure out which rolls are
appropriate if you're familiar with the ba-
sic rules, there are a still a few situations which come up
time and again, and for which it's easiest if there are basic
tules are in place. That's what this chapter is all about, giv-
ing Storytellers a base of reference for what their players are
likely to want to do.

The dramatic systems included here are just the basics.
They're not meant to cover every possible situation ("What do
Troll if 1 want to hang upside down from the relic chandelier
and pick my toenails?"), but do handle the ones Storytellers
are likely to run across most frequently. However, these are just

guidelines. If you want to ignore or modify them, go ahead. If
you want to skip rolling dice in order to concentrate on your
story, that's fine, too. These are just suggestions in order to es-
tablish a common ground for Wraith players everywhere.

Rolls aren't required for every situation. The more rolls
you can avoid through roleplaying, the better; every time the
dice hit the table, it weakens the mood of the story. If it seems
likely that a character would accomplish something she's try-
ing to do, it often makes more sense to give her the benefit of
the doubt, grant her the success, and keep the story flowing.

When dice are rolled, it makes sense to stick to rolls that
are truly necessary. Forcing characters to roll every time they
want to open a door ("Roll Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty
2") will thoroughly shatter any illusion a Storyteller wants to
create by making even the simplest character tasks mechani-
cal and repetitive. Each dice roll should offer the same things
as the game as a whole — tactics, strategy and surprises.

Chapter Nine: Drama 245


scene in a story is similar to a scene in a
ily definable moment when
something is happening, and the events of
the scene are roleplayed through as if they

film. It's an e

were actually occurring. A scene could be
resolved through roleplaying alone, or
dice might be called for, multiple actions
could be performed, or combat might even break out.

Scenes should be as exciting, vivid and dramatic as possible.
They are the heart of any story, the moments when characters
actually get to act and see the results of their actions immediately,
and as such they are the parts of the story that generate the most
player interest and attention. If a Storyteller can't capitalize on
that increased interest, the story itself could be in trouble.

ys things hap-
pening in them, little bits of incidental action that flesh the scene
out and breathe life into it. A staredown with a Spectre could be

Scenes are never static pictures. There are alw

highlighted by a description of the incessant buzzing of flies that
can be heard behind each of the monster's words. A Deathlord
giving an audience doesn't just sit behind his desk; he will stroll
around the room and attempt to physically dominate the conver-
sation. The more that's going on in a scene to start with, the more
there is for players to pick up on and get involved in.

The opposite of the scene is downtime, those moments when.
players aren't actively taking the roles of their characters. Jackie
the Renegade Netrunner may want to spend six hours digging up
a file that she wants, but that doesn't mean that Jackie's player and
Storyteller want to spend six hours sitting there detailing every
step of the process. Downtime is useful in the same way that fadeouts
are useful in films; it permits the action to move along to the next
important scene gracefully.

Making the transition from downtime to scene can be relatively
seamless. The characters could announce that they are traveling from
Boston's Necropolis to Atlanta's, but halfway through the journey,
they could be involved in an attempted Byway robbery. Suddenly, the
long blur of the trip becomes a very real moment that the players are
actively involved in, and downtime has shifted to an active scene.

urs are the individual units making up each
scene. They allow a Storyteller to break down
the action of the scene into manageable slices,
permitting greater control over the action.
Technically, a turn is a period of time of vari-
able length during which a wraith can perform

an action. By turning a scene into a series of
turns, the Storyteller makes sure that everyone gets to act, and that
each player gets the same amount of time to decide on her action.

RiFeHie


Turn structure should be reasonably loose, allowing char-
acters to do things more or less simultaneously that might
take varying amounts of time in the real world. For example,
one character might choose to climb a tree while another
ducks behind a desk; in real life climbing the tree might take
much longer, but full advantage should be taken of a
Storyteller's dramatic license.

Multiple Actions

A character can perform multiple actions in a turn, but it
makes sense that with his attention diverted he won't be able
to perform any action at peak efficiency. Instead, when he de-
clares his multiple actions, the Storyteller determines his Dice
Pool for all of the actions (usually two is the maximum) and
then gives him the total of dice in his smallest Pool to split
between the actions.

The character should also decide which action he's per-
forming first; second actions are only performed after all of the
other characters have performed their first ones. If more than
one character has a second action, then those characters per-
form their second actions in order of initiative. The same pro-
cedure follows for third actions and beyond.

Characters can delay multiple actions, but they must per-
form the delayed action before their next action comes around
or the first one is lost. A character can always dodge at any
point during a round if he has unrolled dice remaining, even
if those dice are ticketed for a second action.

Action Scenes

any scenes are loaded with complicated ac-
tions and the dice rolls that allow them to
4) happen. Fights, car chases and other peril-
¥| ous moments are some of the scenes that
H| players most enjoy, however, they can also
be the most complicated for Storytellers.

There are a lot of possibilities for ac-
tion scenes, from swinging out of trees to running over a bunch
of Spectres, and there are a few things that help them move
more smoothly. Vivid description of the setting is vital, let-
ting the characters know what their options are and what
they have to work with. Otherwise the Storyteller will be in-
undated with complaints like, "You didn't tell us there were
six other Spectres standing behind us!" and the game will bog
down. On the other hand, not every detail is important —
too many and the momentum of the scene gets lost.

It's a good idea to let characters try just about anything
they want to do, no matter how ridiculous or odd it might
seem. Even with a difficulty of 10 and multiple successes re-
quired, they just might pull it off...

7 = G

wads

ari <
Organizing Action Turns

Just as Storytellers need to break scenes into turns, they
sometimes need to break down turns into smaller divisions.
Action turns generally call for this sort of approach, otherwise
they can degenerate into chaos with everyone calling out their
actions and squabbling over who did what to whom first.

Action turns should be organized so that they start with
an initiative roll (Wits + Alertness, difficulty 4). The charac-
ters (including non-player characters) get to announce their
actions in descending order from most successes to least, and
then the action of the scene gets played out.

This is just a suggested approach to organizing action turns.
Storytellers should feel free to modify it as they wish — chang-
ing the initiative system or discarding this structure altogether
— to fit the mood and needs of their chronicles.

* Describing the Scene

In many ways, this is the most important part of a turn. By
detailing the setting of a scene (including exits, props, the loca-
tion of allies and enemies, etc.) the Storyteller determines what
options and actions the characters have open to them. Springing
surprises on the characters ("Didn't I mention there was a relic
blunderbuss on the wall?") or not giving them all of the basic in-
formation about a scene is a sure way to achieve chaos. Making
sure the characters know where they are in relation to each other
and anything else of importance (like escape routes) is vital.

On the other hand, description is not just about what is there
and what can be done with it. The description of a scene can add
tremendous depth to the storytelling aspect of the game. Just de-
scribing a room by saying, "You're in a room with two doors and a
desk," loses the flavor of the game. Instead, a Storyteller might
describe the scene as"... large study, with the relic ofa mahogany
desk resting on what looks to be a Moliated rug in a Persian pat-
tern. On the wall behind the predatory-looking wraith at the desk
are numerous archaic weapons, obviously Artifacts, and on the
desk itself is a soulforged ashtray, which is emitting a high-pitched
moan." The latter gives a better sense of the scene, and also by
injecting some menace into the room description, gives the char-
acters some idea as to what they're dealing with.

This is also the part of the scene when initiative is deter-
mined, setting the stage for the systems aspect of the rest of the
round. Even if a Storyteller chooses to discard the standard initia-
tive system, it still makes sense at this point to establish some sort
of order to the action about to take place.

* Decision Stage

This is when all of the characters, including those played by
the Storyteller, go around the table in reverse order of initiative
and announce what they're doing. By working things this way, it
provides characters with higher initiatives — those who are think-
ing faster this round — with the advantage of seeing and acting on
what their opponents are doing. After all, it doesn't make sense
that the character who gets the lowest initiative (and who there-
fore is supposedly thinking the slowest) manages to grasp what
everyone else is doing in a round before deciding on his action.

Chapter Nine: Drama 247


The Storyteller then decides how all of the announced
actions are going to be resolved — which rolls are to be made,
difficulties, numbers of successes needed — and the action
moves on to the resolution stage. The rolls that are set up can
be as simple or as complicated as necessary.

© Resolution Stage

The resolution stage of a turn is the part of the turn when
the dice get rolled and everyone's conflicting intents ("I shoot
him!" "I dodge!") get resolved. The players roll dice in accor-
dance with the systems below, or whatever other ones their Sto-
ryteller has come up with, and the Storyteller adjudicates the
results of the rolls. In other words, she tells them what happens.

All dice rolls, by the end of the resolution stage, need to
be translated into description, story and plot. Players roll dice;
characters engage in life-or-death struggles, and if a chronicle
never gets past dice rolling, the whole roleplaying element of
Wraith is lost. Storytellers shouldn't just announce levels of
Corpus damage; they should describe wounds inflicted, dar-
ing escapes and combat maneuvers. The more in-depth the
description of what the characters are doing, the better.
Initiative

Someone always has to go first. Initiative is the best way
of figuring out who does, not to mention who goes second or
third, or when the villains get to act. By rolling initiative, a
Storyteller sets up the order of the action and eliminates any
confusion about who gets to do what when. Sometimes who
gets to go first is obvious — ambushes and the like — but the
rest of the time, initiative should be determined so that there's
a fair, equitable way of organizing the action.

Under normal circumstances, each character involved in
an action sequence rolls Wits + Alertness (difficulty 4), with the
characters gaining the most successes acting first. Characters who
fail their initiative rolls get to act last, after everyone else. Char-
acters who botch do not act that turn, and will spend the turn
being generally unavailable. Perhaps their guns jammed, or they
were dazed by the damage they took the last round.

When planninga situation in which the characters' opponents
will get a free shot at them (such as an ambush), it's generally a good
idea to permit the characters a Perception + Awareness roll (diffi-
culty 8, or above) to see if they notice the impending danger. This
heightens the suspense, and also keeps players from getting unhappy
over cavalier treatment of their favorite wraith characters.

Taking Actions

Once an action turn has begun, there are only three basic
actions that characters can perform without a dice roll. They are:

* Yielding — This allows a character to reserve her ac-
tion, and lets initiative pass to the next player. A character
who has yielded her action can choose to take it at any point
before the end of the round. If everyone yields their actions
for a round, no one does anything during that round.

248 Wraith: The Oblivion

:

Healing — A wraith can use Pathos to heal one Cor-
pus Level per turn of non-aggravated damage. If the charac-
ter wishes to do anything else besides heal in a turn, she must
roll Stamina (difficulty 8). If this roll is failed, then the at-
tempted healing failed as well.

© Moving — A character can move by walking, jogging or
running (crawling, staggering, etc., are left to Storyteller and player
imagination). If a character simply walks for a scene, she moves
seven yards. If she jogs, she moves 12 + her Stamina rating in
yards. If she runs, she moves 20 + 3 x her Stamina rating in yards.

There is no roll required to move, but that is all that the
character can do for that round. If conditions are hazardous (slick
footing, harsh weather, enemy fire), a Storyteller may call forsome
sort of roll to make sure that the character maintains her footing
and direction. If a character is seeking to flee an encounter or
combat, she must dodge until she is clear of the combat area.

Characters floating in the Tempest without benefit of Argos
move at one-half normal walking rate, and can only change
their direction through the expenditure of a Pathos point.

Dramatic Systems

‘A game?' said Jive. ‘No, no boy. It's more than that. It's an
education.'

— Clive Barker, The Thief of Always
elow is a list of suggested ways to handle
actions that characters are likely to take fre-
quently. If you want, you always have the
option of roleplaying things to a resolution
and just using what's below as suggestions.
However, you may wish to use dice rolls for
resolution instead; here's a list of common
rolls and effects. Generally, Physical dramatic systems demand
dice rolls more frequently than do Mental or Social ones, as
the latter two are easier to roleplay through without dice.

Physical Systems

These are systems that describe physical actions and ef-
fects — dramatic situations in which characters need to use
their Physical Attributes.

Climbing

Regardless of whether a character is trying to climb a tree,
a cliff or a building, the player must roll Dexterity + Athlet-
ics. The difficulty of the roll depends on the surface being
climbed, how steep or sheer the climbing surface is, and to a
lesser extent, the weather conditions. Rain or strong wind
increases the difficulty of the climb from + 1 to + 3.

Each success rolled indicates that the character has climbed
five feet. Once enough successes are accumulated to reach the


desired height, no further rolls are required. A failure indicates
the character has climbed no further that round. A botch means
the character falls, and cannot attempt to climb the same cliff,
tree, etc., again without expending a Willpower point.

2 Easy climb; a tree with many stout branches

4 Simple climb; a cliff with many handholds

6 Straightforward; a tree with many thin branches

8 Treacherous; very few handholds

10 Extremely difficult; an almost sheer surface

Feats of Strength

A character's Strength is often used alone, without an Abil-
ity, for actions needing only brute force to achieve the desired
result. The system used corresponds to the rule of automatic suc-
cess. If the character's Strength equals or exceeds the difficulty
of the task she is attempting, she succeeds automatically.

If the difficulty of the task is higher than the character's
Strength, a roll is needed. Willpower is rolled, not Strength.
This is a simple roll, and the character generally gets only one
chance to attempt it. Each success on the Willpower roll against
difficulty 9 increases the character's effective Strength by one
step on the chart below (to a maximum of five steps). Thus, if
a character has Strength 4 and wishes to flip over a car, she
needs three successes on the Willpower roll to succeed.

Note: Relics generally have a durability equivalent to
their Skinlands counterparts.

Dice Pool Feat Lift

1 Crush a beer can 40 Ibs.

2 Break a chair 100 lbs.
3 Break down a wooden door 250 lbs.
4 Break a 2" x 4" 400 Ibs.
5 Break open a metal fire door 650 lbs.
6 Throw a motorcycle 800 lbs.
i Flip over a small car 900 Ibs.
8 Break a 3" lead pipe 1000 Ibs.
9 Punch through a cement wall 1200 Ibs.
10 Rip open a steel drum 1500 Ibs.
11 Punch through 1" sheet metal 2000 lbs.
12 Break a metal lamp post 3000 Ibs.
13 Throw a car 4000 Ibs.
14 Throw a van 5000 lbs.
15 Throw a truck 6000 Ibs.

Hotwiring (Without inhabit)

If a character is stealing a car and does not have a key, or
cannot find the key to her own car and wishes to start it ina
hurry, she must hotwire it. This requires a roll of Strength +
Repair to force off the steering wheel cover and expose the
appropriate wires (difficulty 6). A botch means that the cover
breaks, and cannot be replaced. Next the character must roll


aw

\ i =

Dexterity + Streetwise to start the engine (difficulty 8). Fail-
ure means the car does not start. A botch on this second roll
means the character has ripped out the appropriate wires in
her haste, and cannot start the car at all.

Jumping

Jumping requires a Strength roll for a vertical jump, or
Strength + Athletics for a horizontal jump with a running
start. The difficulty of the jump is invariably 5 (unless there
are difficult weather conditions or a narrow landing space).
are required
to make the jump. There are no partial successes in jump-
ing; the character either succeeds in one roll, or he falls. So

The Storyteller calculates how many succe:

a character attempting to leap up six feet would need to roll
Strength and score three successes against difficulty 5; if he
were jumping from one rooftop to another, 20 feet away,
he'd need 5 successes on Strength + Athletics.

Type of Jump Feet per Success
Vertical (up) 2
Horizontal (across) 4

Pursuit

This simple system is used when one character attempts
to catch another. The pursued starts with a certain num-
ber of successes, either randomly determined by the Story-
teller, or the number of successes obtained on a roll of Dex-
terity + Athletics (difficulty 6) for each turn of head start
he has. His pursuer must achieve the same number of suc-
cesses on Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) before she
can catch up. Once she does, she can try to grapple the
pursued character (see "Combat" on page 256). The pur-

suer might only need to lessen the distance between her-
self and the pursued if attempting to shoot him, in order to
bring the target into range. If this is the case, she does not
need to match the total number of successes. Instead, the
same roll is required, but the required number of successes
is halved.

Repair

The Restless can rarely turn to a mechanic in order to
2 something fixed; they must usually do the job them-
When a character wishes to fix any damaged me-
chanical implement, he must roll Dexterity + Repair. The
difficulty is determined by the complexity of the task (see
the table below). Before the task can be considered com-
plete, a certain number of successes must be collected, usu-
ally between two and 20. Each roll means that a certain
period of time has passed, as appropriate to the demands of
the story. A botch indicates that the device is further dam-
aged in the attempt to repair it, and that the repair at-
tempt as a whole has failed.


Job Difficulty
Gluing a broken vase together 4 3
Soldering job 5 2
Electronic malfunction 5) 5
Fitting new part 6 10
Changing a flat tire 6 5
Tough auto repair 7 10
System overhaul 8 20
Technical glitch 9 2

Shadowing

Shadowing is the art of following someone covertly, hop-
ing to learn where he is going or whom he is meeting without
being noticed.

Shadowing someone successfully entails keeping track
of the subject while simultaneously making sure certain not
to be seen. Shadowing can be done on foot or in a vehicle.
Vehicle shadowing rolls can be made even if someone else
is doing the driving, so it is still possible to follow in a
limousine or a taxi ("I'm afraid I can't remember the ad-
dress; you'll have to follow my directions. Take a right at
the corner. No, wait, a left!").

The character attempting to shadow must make a Per-
ception + Investigation roll. The difficulty is usually 6, al-
though it can vary from 5 to 9 depending on variables such
as crowds, traffic, weather conditions and interference from
the Skinlands. Each success indicates that the target has been
followed for one turn. A preset number of successes (deter-
mined by the Storyteller) are required to follow the target
all the way to his destination. A failure indicates that the
character has temporarily lost her subject, but can try to pick
up the trail again next turn. A second failure indicates that
the trail has gone completely cold. A botch on a shadowing
roll means that the character has not only lost the target,
but has also met with some kind of trouble — perhaps she
was so intent on following the target that she had an auto
accident or fell into an open Nihil.

Although the Perception roll is an important part of
shadowing, each turn the character must make an additional
roll of Dexterity + Subterfuge (Dexterity + Drive if the char-
acter is in a vehicle) to determine whether she has remained
undetected by her target. The base difficulty is the subject's
Perception + Alertness. This can be modified + 3 or - 3 de-
pending on the circumstances (e.g., a brewing Maelstrom or
empty streets). One success means the shadower has not been.
detected; each additional success makes it increasingly dif-
ficult for the target to spot his pursuer, even if actively look-
ing. A failure indicates that the target has become suspi-
cious, and begins glancing over his shoulder (the target may
also begin making Perception rolls of his own; see below).
A botch indicates that the target has completely revealed
herself, and the subject knows he is being followed.

p Le ee

If the subject is somehow alerted to the pursuit (i.e., by |
the shadower failing her Dexterity + Stealth roll), or simply
looks to see if he is being followed out of habit, he rolls Per-
ception + Streetwise. The difficulty is the Stealth of the
shadower + 5. Each success on this roll indicates a higher
degree of suspicion on the part of the wraith being tailed.
Successes can be accumulated from turn to turn; see the chart
below to determine how alert the subject is to the fact that
he is being followed. Failure means that nothing out of the
ordinary is seen and the "suspicion value" of the subject de-
creases to zero. A botch means the subject is convinced he
is not being followed, and will not look again.

Successes Paranoia Level
1 Hunch
2 Suspicion
3 Near certainty
4 Positive knowledge
5 The shadower has been spotted and IDed

Buddy System: Two or more characters can share shadow-
ing responsibilities by trading off. However, they must have pre-
viously worked/trained together in this technique; otherwise, the
difficulties of all rolls for the pair are increased by + 1. When
using this system, one character will tail the subject for a turn or
more, trading off whenever her partner gives the signal. If the
shadowing team continually switches off, the subject can't accu-
mulate successes for very long, which makes it much harder for
the subject to spot those who are following him.

Sneaking

When a character attempts to hide in shadows or sneak
up on another wraith, she should roll Dexterity + Stealth (dif-

ficulty equals the Perception + Alertness of the person she's},

attempting to elude).

The sneaking character needs to collect a certain num-
ber of successes in order to reach her destination. Usually it's
only necessary to sneak for a single turn; should additional
skulking be required, the Storyteller determines how many
successes the wraith needs to avoid detection altogether.

Failure of any sort on a Stealth roll indicates detection.

Stunt Driving

Use this system to determine the outcome of relic car chases
and other tricky vehicular maneuvers. Dice rolls in chases are
made to determine how fast the driver goes, and whether or not
she is able to avoid driving through Skinlands objects. Each ve-
hicle is rated for its maximum driving speed, as well as its ma-
neuverability. Because different vehicles have different speeds
and response times, the details of the chase can often depend on
the make of the vehicles involved (see the table below).

A character who is driving can perform a special ma-
neuver in order to catch up with or throw off another ve-

Chapter Nine: Drama 251


hicle, such as making a sudden turn, doing a 180° turn or
blocking off a Byway. If one character makes a special ma-
neuver, the other character must copy it by making the same
or a similar roll.

The player making the initial stunt driving maneu-
ver must roll Dexterity + Drive, with the complexity of
the maneuver dictating the difficulty at what is called the
safe speed. If the vehicle is moving faster than its listed
safe speed, the difficulty increases by + 1 for every 10 mph
the vehicle is going above the safe speed. The driver de-
cides how fast her vehicle performs the maneuver, al-
though she will not always be able to decelerate enough
to avoid a crash or collision.

In addition, the vehicle's maneuverability rating dic-
tates the maximum number of dice that can be rolled. Even
if the driver has a Dice Pool that exceeds the maneuverabil-
ity rating of the car, he can still only roll a number of dice
equal to the car's rating.

Solid objects present less of a hazard during high speed
chases to wraiths than they do to the living. A wraith can
drive a relic sports car right through an oncoming Skinlands
18-wheeler, causing only minimal Corpus damage to him-
self, his passenger and his vehicle. In cases where a wraith
drives through a solid object, he instantly takes one level of
temporary Corpus damage and goes Incorporeal for a num-
ber of rounds equivalent to his Stamina rating. If his ve-
hicle is still within a solid Skinlands object at the time when
he drops out of Incorporeality, he will immediately take an-
other Corpus Level and repeat the process. The same holds
true for any passengers in the relic vehicle.

A relic car also suffers Corpus damage (which can be
healed with an investment of Pathos) when passing
through a solid object. It will also go Incorporeal, and
will remain in that state for as many rounds as its owner
has points in Stamina.

Relic vehicles affect each other normally; a relic car
could drive through a Skinlands tank and take only one
Corpus Level, but a head-on collision with a relic sub-com-
pact (even if both were Incorporeal at the time) could very
well destroy both vehicles.

Vehicle Safe Speed Max Speed Maneuverability Corpus
Six-wheel truck 60 90 3) 70

Bus 60 100 3 90
18-wheeler 70 110 4 100
Sedan 70 120 5 35
Mini-van 70 120 6 50
Compact car 70 130 6 30
Sporty compact 100 140 7 25
Sports coupe 110 150 8 25
Sports car 130 170 9) 25
FormulaOne racecar 140 240 10 30

Social

‘The action's always there. It just moves."

— Neil Gaiman, "Six to Six"

These systems apply to scenes that could be better re-
solved through roleplaying than dice rolling. They involve
interaction and intimation, intuition and intrigue. It is rec-
ommended that roleplaying supersede these systems when-
ever possible, but there are times when a player's abilities
can't match her character's. For those situations, use the sys-
tems suggested below.

Credibility

When a character is attempting to convince someone
(such as a Hierarchy magistrate) that she is telling the truth,
or similarly attempting to establish her identity as trustwor-
thy, the player rolls Manipulation + Leadership (difficulty is
the subject's Intelligence + Subterfuge). Each success indi-
cates a higher degree of believability. With five successes, the
subject is completely convinced. A failure indicates disbelief,

and a botch indicates the character is caught in a lie (or the
subject thinks he has caught her in a lie).

fast-Jalk

Fast-talking is a means of verbally confusing a target into
allowing you to do something irregular. Fast-talked guards will
allow you to slip past them with a shrug, suspicious widows
will sign over treasured relics, and Renegade guerrillas will
believe you have simply forgotten the password. The player
attempting to fast-talk an opponent rolls Manipulation +
Subterfuge; the difficulty is the target's Wits + Streetwise.

Success indicates that the target is disoriented by the
character's words, and is likely to agree with him, at least momen-
tarily. Failure indicates that the attempt has faltered, allowing the
target to think about what is being said, and perhaps come to
her senses. A botch indicates that the target is angry, aware of
the attempted chicanery, and suspicious of the character so as
to be immune to any further attempts at fast-talk. Repeated
rolls might be necessary to establish an extended bamboozling.

Willpower rolls can be made to resist fast-talk (difficulty
5). Each success on the Willpower roll subtracts one success
from the fast-talk roll; if the Willpower successes cancel out
the fast-talk successes, then the would-be con artist can be
considered to have failed.

interrogation

Interrogation is the close and careful questioning of a
person by one or more characters. It differs from torture in
that no violence is used, though it can be threatened. In or-
der to extract a secret in this manner, the interrogator makes
a Manipulation + Intimidation roll (difficulty is the prisoner's

Willpower). The number of successes indicates the amount
and degree of detail of information obtained. A failure means
that the questioner learns nothing of value. A botch indi-
cates that the target will tell him nothing, and will never tell

him anything — or worse, the subject lies believably, and the
interrogator believes her. For this reason, the Storyteller should

often make the roll for characters attempting interrc

Successes Interrogation
1 Only a few mumbled facts
2 Some relevant details
3 Much interesting information
4 The subject talks on and on
5) Everything important is discovered

Oration

If a player wants her character to give a speech, but does
not want to recite the entire proclamation verbatim, thi:

tem makes an acceptable substitute. The player should at least
describe what her character says, coming up with the opening
lines, or a memorable phrase or slogan; with prompting, such a
monologue may encourage the player to make up its entirety.

However, if the player decides not to perform the wraithly
equivalent of the Gettysburg Address, she rolls Charisma + Lead-
ership. Base difficulty is 7, but can depend on the mood of the
crowd and its willingn:

ss to hear what the character has to say

(not to mention the aim of participants armed with relic bricks,
or particularly savage hecklers). The orator's Status (if any) can
decrease the difficulty. The number of successes indicates how
impressed the crowd is (see the following chart). This isa simple
roll, and the player has only one chance to succeed. A failure
indicates the crowd ignores the character. A botch indicates that
the crowd is antagonistic, and may surge into mob violence.

Successes Crowd Reaction
1 They listened, but aren't excited
L They are somewhat convinced
3 The crowd is won over
4 The crowd is completely enthralled
5 The crowd is in the palm of the

character's hand

If the speech is vital to the story, the player may make
several rolls. You can make the speech an extended action,
interspersing each roll with roleplaying. The character can
spend as many turns as she likes orating; however, after the
third turn, as the audience grows restless, the difficulty in
creases by + 1 each turn. More successes than five might be
needed to win over the crowd completely

Stirring oratory may well feed the Passions of wraiths in
the audience. If this is the case (for example, if members of
the audience have Passions based on Patriotism or Pride), the
difficulty for the oration roll is reduced by - 2, and members
of the audience may roll for Pathos

gain.

Chapter Nine: Drama


SS

Performances

Regardless of whether a character's performance is sung,
spoken or acted, whether it is on stage or in a nightclub, for-
mal or informal, rehearsed or spontaneous, this simple system
is used to resolve it.

The player rolls the appropriate Attribute (for example,
Charisma would be appropriate for acting, while a stand-
up comic might prefer Manipulation) + Performance (or
Expression, depending on the circumstances). The diffi-
culty depends on how receptive the audience is. A failure
represents a performance best forgotten. A botch indicates
that the performance is so bad that the audience interrupts
it with boos and catcalls before it can be finished; perhaps
an unfriendly Artificer Gremlinized the sound system, or
some similar disaster occurred.

The number of successes indicates how moved the audi-
ence is, and the artistic merit of the performance.

Successes Your Performance Reaction
1 Mediocre Polite applause
2 Average Approval
3 Good Genuine appreciation
4 Superior Vigorous applause
5 Exceptional Ecstatic reaction
6 Superb Immediate sensation
7 Brilliant Miraculous

Performances that stir Passions have a reduced difficulty
(- 2). On the other hand, botching a performance that feeds
an audience member's Passion may well fuel a Dark Passion,
with potentially dire consequences.

Seduction

A seduction is a planed and contrived means of becom-
ing intimate with another person; every step is planned and
real emotions are not shared. A seduction takes place in sev-
eral stages; each consecutive stage must be a success, other-
wise the seduction as a whole will fail.

Ideally, a seduction, like any emotional exchange, should
be roleplayed out. This system can be used if one or both par-
ties are uncomfortable with acting out such intimacies.

While seduction among the dead might seem an odd
thing, it's a more common occurrence than one might think.
After all, many wraiths have Passions linked to Love or Lust,
and while physical intimacy isn't quite the same thing for the
dead as it is for the living, it still has its appeal. In addition,
many wraiths skilled at Puppetry enjoy nothing more than
dabbling in the romantic and carnal affairs of their hosts.

Opening Line: The player rolls Appearance + Subter-
fuge. The difficulty is the subject's Wits + 3 (The player
gains a bonus of one to three dice for a good pickup line.
"Do you come here often?" or something similarly clichéd

254 Wraith: The Oblivion
, es So Co Ss
a 2 Se F We aN
= eS eect pene"

will increase the difficulty by + 1). One success means that
the target is listening. Each additional success allows the
character to add an extra die per success to the roll in the
next stage. Failure means the target turns away, while a botch
indicates that the target is somehow insulted or embarrassed.

Witty Exchange: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge (dif-
ficulty of the target's Wits + 3). Again, give bonuses and
penalties for roleplaying. Each success over and above the
base adds an extra die to the roll in the next stage, indicat-
ing that the target of the seduction is impressed or other-
wise favorably inclined.

Conversation: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy.
The difficulty is the target's Perception + 3. Again,
roleplaying bonuses come into play here.

Intimacies: Now the couple may move to a private area
and become physically intimate. No dice rolls should be nec-
essary for this stage of the seduction, though the Arcanos
Moliate does offer some fascinating possibilities.

Mental

These dramatic systems deal with the application of the mind
and Mental Attributes. Use them in scenes where the drama
stems from thoughts, revelations, discoveries and mysteries.

Dream Interpretation

Wraiths' dreams often contain important information,
although this divinatory and mystical knowledge is usually
shrouded in symbolism and obscure references. A wraith who
wishes to learn the meaning of his dreams should roll Percep-
tion + Enigmas. The Storyteller decides the difficulty of this
roll, based on the obscurity of the dream and its importance
to the character. The more important the information con-
tained in the dream, the more thoroughly it will be hidden,
and thus the more difficult the zoll will be. Not all dreams
will have information hidden within them, but go ahead and
let the players roll anyway, to keep them guessing.

Dreams should be mysterious things, rich in strange sym-
bols and personal myths. Echoes and reflections of the
wraith's mortal life and death and bizarre glimpses and
pseudo-memories of her existence in the Shadowlands should
punctuate a wraith's dreams, together with surreal imagery
contrasted with banal happenings. Storytellers should spare
no effort in making important dreams rich and unique.

Sometimes a Storyteller may decide to have a recur-
ring dream haunt a certain character. If this is desired,
dream interpretation can become an extended action. The
Storyteller decides the difficulty of the task and the num-
ber of successes needed to unravel the hidden meaning
within a recurring dream.

(See Chapter Seven: Storytelling, for additional guides
to employing dreams in your Wraith chronicle.)

Research

Research is often the only way for a character to proceed
to the next scene of a story. A character may have to investi-
gate matters in a library, a newspaper office or in computer
files to discover vital information. Research is a great way to
allow a character with high Intelligence to use her Attributes
to good advantage, and shifts the focus of the game from ac-
tion and combat to more intellectual pursuits.

In order to perform research, the player rolls Intelligence
+ Investigation (or sometimes a more specialized Knowledge
Ability after a location to conduct research has been found).
The difficulty is based on the obscurity of the information.

Difficulty — Accessibility of Information

2 Generally available

4 Widely documented

6 Accessible

8 Difficult to find

10 Encrypted and written in Etruscan

The number of successes determines how much informa-
might mean that only
the most obvious facts are found, while five successes could
and perhaps truthful) story is discov-
ered. Depending on the precise information sought, 10 or even
20 successes might be required to find all of the available data.

tion the character learns. One success

indicate that the full

A wraith might want to continue research after gaining
a partial success. However, continued research generally takes
longer than the initial search, as there are many potential
alleys of investigation opened up by each fact uncovered. Basic
research usually only takes an hour or two. More in-depth
research (and a second roll) can take up to one complete day.

Search

This system allows a character to find something that is
hidden or concealed in a confined area, such as

a room, ve-
hicle or clearing. Each wraith who is searching should roll
Perception + Investigation, with the difficulty depending on
how well the object is concealed. An envelope lying in plain
sight would be difficulty 4; the same envelope folded inside a
hollow chair leg would be difficulty 9.

Sometimes a certain number of successes are needed to
find a carefully concealed object; in the case of a concealed
trap door, for example, a total of five successes may be needed
to find the latch. One or two successes indicates that the
searcher has found the door, but does not know how to open it.

Track

This system i
following the pk

d to track people, animals or objects by
sical trails they leave, such as footprints, tire
tracks or bloodstains. The player rolls Perception + Streetwise
(or Investigation if the tracking attempt is taking place in a rural

us


environment). The difficulty is based on the weather conditions,
the terrain and the relative freshness of the trail, but averages 7.
Each success lowers the difficulty of the next tracking roll by - 1.

The character needs to succeed for a certain number of turns
with the exact number depending on the length of the trail. For pur-
poses of tracking, each turn can be considered to be about five min-
utes in duration. If the character misses a roll, she can try again; how-
ever, the difficulty for this re-roll increases by + 1. Once the difficulty

rises above 10, or the player rolls a botch, she has lost the trail and

cannot attempt to follow it again unless she returns to where she first
found the tracks and begins again. When a wraith attempts to start
at 8.

nlands;

tracking all over again, the difficulty of this new attempt begir

Note: The above system is for tracking things in the S
as wraiths don't often leave footprints, attempts to track the Restless
or Spectres without benefit of Argos generally start at a difficulty of 8.

Combat

T'll never forget that day. 1 walked into the training hall and
told the instructor I wanted to learn how to hurt people.

— Dennis O'Neil & Joe Quesada, The Question Quarterly #5
ombat in Wraith attempts to capture the
drama of violent conflict without

downplaying the grim reality of what is go-
| ing on. Every effort has been made to cre-
Wate a system true to the dynamics, limita-
tions and viciousness of real combat while
still leaving room for the unique (and

sometimes spectacular) elements wraiths bring to it.

Types Of Combat

There are three types of combat, all of which involve the
same basic system yet have some minor differences. The three
types are firefight, melee and brawl.

¢ A firefight is any type of armed combat using projec-
tile weapons — things like crossbows, Uzi submachine guns
and sawed-off shotguns. Opponents normally need to be
e in a firefight

within sight of each other to eng:

* Melee combat refers to any type of armed combat us-
ing non-ranged weapons — anything from a broken bottle to
a sword to a soulsteel axe. Opponents need to be within one
or two yards of each other to engage in melee.

¢ A brawl refers to any type of unarmed combat, whether
it's two street punks using down-and-dirty infighting or the
most skilled martial arts combat. Opponents must be within
touching distance to engage in a brawl.

The rolls made in combat determine whether an attack
succeeds, whether the target dodges, and how much damage
the target suffers. Almost all combat turns take three seconds
of game time (though, of course, they will take longer than
that to resolve in real time).


E Sea lt) ~N
Because combat can sometimes get a little sticky, a com-
bat turn is divided into three stages — Initiative, Attack and

Resolution — to make it easier to keep track of things.

Stage One: Initiative

This stage organizes the turn, and is when characters
declare their actions. Characters can take a number of dif-
ferent actions — anything from leaping behind a wall to
shouting a warning. Each player must declare what his char-
acter is doing in as much detail as the Storyteller requires.
At this point, everyone needs to decide what weapon they
are using, if any.

Characters make initiative rolls using Wits + Alertness
(difficulty 4, though Storytellers can vary this roll if they so
desire). The character with the most successes acts first, while
characters who rolled fewer successes take their actions in
descending order of successes. Some characters will act si-
multaneously because they rolled the same number of suc-
cesses (or, if the Storyteller chooses, the one with the high-
est Dexterity goes first). Those who gain no successes at all
on this roll go last, and those who botch are considered to
be confused and incapable of action.

Players should declare what actions they want their char-
acters to take during the combat turn before going to the
Attack Stage. A player splitting his character's Dice Pool
must declare how many dice he is allocating to each action.
He must also declare if he is spending any Willpower points.

All of a character's actions happen when it is her turn
to act. The only exception to this is a dodge, which a char-
acter can perform at any time so long as she has dice left in
her Pool.

Stage Two: Attack

The attack is the meat of the combat turn. This stage is
when the success or failure of an action is determined, as well
as something of its potential impact on the target.

The Roll: There are three different types of attack rolls;
the type of combat determines which one to use.

© For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.

© For melee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity + Melee.

© For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll Dex-
terity + Brawl.

The weapon or attack used by the attacker determines
the base difficulty of the roll. The number of dice rolled might
be modified by the gun's rate of fire or the use of a scope, but
the difficulty is usually modified only by the circumstances of
the attack. If no successes are obtained, the character fails his
attack and inflicts no damage. If the character botches, then
not only does the attack fail, but something truly nasty hap-
pens; weapons jam or explode, swords break, allies are acci-
dentally wounded, and the like.

‘
Dodeing

Any time someone attacks a character, she has the op-
tion of dodging. In fact, a player may announce at any time
that her character is using an action (or part of one, by
dividing her Dice Pool) to dodge, simply by declaring,
"Dodge!" before the opponent makes an attack roll. Some ¢
situations may prohibit a dodge, such as confined quarters
or surprise. After all, you can't dodge when there's no room
to maneuver, or when you don't know an attack is coming.
The required roll for a dodge is Dexterity + Dodge; each
success subtracts one success from the attacker's roll. A
character can even subtract successes from different oppo-
nents, though this means dividing successes between (or 4
among) them.

The difficulty for dodging melee or brawl attacks is 6,
increased by + 1 for each opponent after the first. This re-
flects the fact that it's a lot easier to get out of the way of one
punch than it is to avoid three hunting knives coming from
different angles.

In firefights, the difficulty of a dodge depends on the avail-
ability of nearby cover behind which a character can dive to
avoid getting hit. Each success removes one of the opponent's
successes. After such a dodge attempt, the character usually
ends up behind some sort of cover or, at the very least, lying
on the ground (if there is no cover to be found). —

The difficulty to dodge during firefights is determined by
the proximity of cover.

Difficulty Terrain

2 By moving back halfa step, the character
is back under full cover.

4 Full cover within diving distance (one yard)

6 Full cover within running distance
(three yards)

tf Partial cover within running distance
(three yards)

8 Flat and featureless, no cover (the

character dives to the ground and
imitates a small rock)

Stage Three: Resolution

During this stage, characters determine the damage in-
flicted by their attacks, and the Storyteller describes what oc-
curs in the turn. The resolution stage is a mixture of game
and story; it's a lot more interesting for players to hear: "Your
Stygian steel blade bites through his breastplate and opens a
deep gash across his chest, leaving silvery-white plasm spill-
ing out as he screams," than to be told: "Umm, you do three
levels." Corpus damage and successful attacks are merely ways
of describing what actually goes on in the story, and it's very
important that the narrative of the combat is maintained even
as the dice are rolling.

Chapter Nine: Drama 257


Damage: Each weapon or attack allows the wielder to roll
a certain number of dice in order'to inflict damage (difficulty
6). Each success causes the target to lose one Corpus Level.
Additionally, each success scored with a firearm on an attack
roll (after any dodges) adds one die to this damage roll. Melee
and brawling attack successes do not add to the damage.

Soak: A target may make a roll to see how much damage she
"soaks" because of her natural hardiness. The target rolls Stamina
(difficulty 6); each success reduces inflicted damage by one.

Note: Damage and soak rolls are two rolls in Wraith that
cannot be botched. A botched soak roll does not cause addi-
tional or aggravated damage, while a botched damage roll sim-
ply means that the attack failed.

Complications

A number of factors determine whether or not an attack
hits. Smart combatants head for cover as soon as bullets start
flying. Others find that ganging up on one foe in a brawl never
hurts. The following modifiers delineate many of the vari-
ables that affect combat.

General Complications

© Changing Actions: If a character changes her declared
action after the turn has started, the difficulty for the new
action increases by + 1. Generally, the Storyteller should only
allow the character to change her declared action if events
have made it impossible. "Yes, 1 know I said my character
would jump into the car, but that Renegade just blew it up!"

© Immobilization: If a target is immobilized (e.g., held
down by someone), but still struggles, the difficulty for the at-
tack roll is decreased by - 2. However, if the target is completely
immobilized (tied up, chained down or otherwise paralyzed),
then no roll is required and the attack succeeds automatically.

© Stunning: If, in one turn, a character loses a greater
number of Corpus Levels than his Stamina rating, he must
spend the entire next turn shaking off the effects of the de-
bilitating attack. He may not attack, and his Dice Pool for
defensive actions (i.e., dodging) is halved (round down).

firetight Complications

© Range: Getting close to one's foe is a good idea if a character
doesn't mind risking getting shot a few times in return. The range
given on the Firearms Chart is the weapon's medium range; the
character receives no modifier for shooting at this range. Twice that
range is the farthest the weapon can shoot. Shots from less than this
distance have their difficulty reduced by - 1 (within reason; if a
weapon has a range of 12 yards, and a character is shooting from
11.5, the difficulty of the shot probably should not decrease). On
the other hand, shots made at targets within a yard of the attacker
are considered to be "point-blank." The difficulty of a point-blank
shot is 4, regardless of the base difficulty for use of the weapon.

158 Wraith: The Oblivion

© Cover: Intelligent characters use cover to protect them-
selves from enemy fire. Cover increases the difficulty of an at-
tack by a variable amount, depending on how much of the
character's Corpus is still exposed. However, though cover pro-
tects, it can also hamper return fire. In some rare instances, it
can even prevent any return fire. For instance, ducking out from
around a comer to shoot may increase the difficulty of returning
fire by + 1, while watching a shoot-out through the cracks in a
battered wall will prevent a character from firing back at all.

Note: Relic bullets can be considered to have only the
equivalent of one Corpus Level. Therefore, relic ammunition
fired through solid Skinlands objects discorporates as soon as
it hits the "solid" object, and does no damage to any wraith
hiding behind Skinlands cover.

Cover Difficulty
Lying flat "aul
Behind pole +2
Behind wall +3
Only head exposed +4

© Movement: Shooting at a moving target increases the
difficulty by + 1 (or even more), as does shooting while mov-
ing at any speed faster than a walk (such as firing out the win-
dow of a speeding car).

Aiming: A character may add her Perception rating to her
Dexterity + Firearms Dice Pool if she spends time aiming. However,
aiming takes one tum per die added, and during this time the char-
acter can do nothing but aim — it takes time and patience to line
up a target precisely. Additionally, it is impossible to aim at a target
moving faster than a walk. Shotguns and SMGs cannot be aimed.

If the gun has a scope, the character may add two dice to
her Pool in addition to the dice added for Perception. The scope
bonus can be added only once —after the initial three dice added
in the first round (two for the scope and one for Perception), the
character continues aiming as outlined above.

© Targeting: Aiming for a specific location (gun hand,
the head) increases the difficulty by + 2. Aiming for a particu-
larly difficult target (left eye, big toe of the right foot) increases
the shot difficulty by + 4. The difficulty cannot be increased
above 10, but Storytellers may demand multiple successes.

© Multiple Shots: If a character wants to take more than
one shot in a turn, he must divide his Dice Pool into two or
more actions. Also, for each additional shot after the first, the
difficulty increases by one because of recoil (which functions
even in the Underworld). 10 is, of course, the maximum num-
ber to which the difficulty can be raised. A character can fire a
maximum number of shots equal to the rate of his firearm.

The recoil penalty is cumulative. Thus, a character adds +1 to
her difficulty on the second shot, + 2 to the difficulty on her third
shot and + 3 on her fourth. It is usually unwise to snap off shots
blindly; recoil always catches up with the gunman and makes botches
much more common. Using these rules, it is permissible to fire two
or more three-round bursts in a single turn, though a character can
only fire on full-auto once per turn (and must reload to do it again).

© Three-Round Burst: The semi-auto option is the
middle ground between the full-auto and single-shot options,
s of both. A burst
gives the attacker three additional dice on the attack roll.
However, the recoil increases the difficulty by + 1 for the en-

and has some of the strengths and weakne:

tire attack. As implied by the option's name, three bullets are
expended per use.

© Full-Auto: The full-auto option is the most damaging
attack a firearm can make; the attacker unloads the full con-
tents of a gun's ammunition clip within a very short time span
(and on a single attack roll). However, the gun becomes diffi-
cult to control and even harder to aim.

A character gets 10 additional dice to roll on the attack,
thus increasing the chance to hit and cause damage. However,
the difficulty of the attack is raised by + 3 because of the recoil.

Full-auto fire is permissible only when a weapon has more
than half its clip remaining. Whenever a character uses the
full-auto option, he empties his entire clip and must reload
before he can use the weapon again. Reloading a clip (even
ona relic) takes one full action and requires the character's
full concentration (and Dice Pool).

© Spray: When on full-auto, a character can decide to
spray across an area instead of focusing on one foe. A spray
uses the extra 10 dice given by full-auto fire, but the attack
has a base difficulty of 5, increased by one per yard covered by
the spray (in addition to other modifiers).

The player divides any successes gained on the attack
roll evenly among all targets in the covered area. If only one |
target is in the sprayed area, only half the successes affect him.
The player then assigns any leftover successes as she desires.
If the attacker rolls fewer successes than there are targets, the
player may only assign one per target until they are used up.
This attack also empties the clip.

The difficulty of a dodge roll against a spray is increased

by + 2.

Melee and Brawl Complications

¢ Multiple Opponents: If a character is battling mul-
tiple opponents in close combat, that character's attack and
dodge difficulties are increased by + 1 per opponent after the
first (to a maximum of 10).

¢ Flank and Rear Attacks: The difficulty of attacking
an opponent's flank is lowered by 1, while assaulting an
enemy's rear lowers the difficulty by 2.

Melee Complications

¢ Parry: A character using a melee weapon may elect to
parry an attack, using her weapon to block the blow. Like a
dodge, a parry can be performed at any time, so long as the
character still has dice in her Dice Pool. A character cannot

Chapter Nine: Drama 259


elight Complications

Difficulty Dice

Complication

Changing action

Immobilization

Long range

Point-blank

Lying flat

Behind pole

Behind wall 3
1

Movement

Only

+ Perception (1/turn)

Aiming

Scope

area of target
Multiple shots
Full-auto 3
Three

Spray

Specific
Lextra shot

+10
round burst +3

+ 1/yard +10

parry with a weapon as small as a knife, but she can use a sword
xe. She rolls Dexterity + Melee (difficulty 6).
ts one from an opponent's number of attack successes.

Each success

A botch on a parry roll usually means that the parrying
weapon is knocked from the character's hand.

Roll: Dexterity + Melee Difficulty: 6

Damage: None Actions: Special

© Disarm: This maneuver is an attempt to knock the weapon
from an opponent's hand. The character rolls Dexterity + Melee, add-
ing + 1 to the weapon's normal difficulty. If at least three successes are
scored, she then rolls the weapon's damage; if she scores more suc-
cesses than the opponent's Strength rating, the opponent is dis-
armed. A botch usually means the character drops her own weapon.

Roll: Dexterity + Melee Difficulty: + 1

Damage: Special Actions: 1

Brawling Complications

© Block: A character can elect to block instead of dodge.

Like a dodge, a block can be performed at any time, so long as
the character still has dice in his Dice Pool. Blocks may be
made only against fists, kicks or blunt weapons. A blocking
action cannot block a sword, arrow or bullet unless the de-
fender has an Arcanos that provides special protection. Roll
Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 6);
from an opponent's number of attack successes.

Difficulty: 6

Actions: Special

each success subtracts one

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl
Damage: none

260 Wraith: The Oblivion

¢ Body Slam: A character charges forward, hurling his
weight into his opponent. It is possible to damage oneself with
this attack; bodies were not meant to be used as battering
rams. A character needs three successes to unbalance an op-
ponent. He inflicts one Corpus Level of damage on himself
for each success fewer than three.

If the attack succeeds, the opponent is thrown off bal-
ance; difficulties for the rest of her actions this turn are in-
creased by + 2. Also, if the opponent does not succeed in a
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty of the attacker's suc-
cesses + 3), she falls to the ground. The base damage done
equals the attacker's Strength; each success scored on the
attack roll above the minimum adds one to this base. If the
attacker does not score at least three successes, this maneu-
ver fails; he falls to the ground, and is treated as though he
has no dice left in his Pool.

The character can move his full running distance, but he
must run in a straight line. Running around in circles does
not build up sufficient momentum.

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl

Damage: Special

Difficulty: 7
Actions: |

© Grapple: An attacker can try to grab a foe, hoping to
immobilize him and then subsequently crush him. If the at-
tacker scores more successes than the opponent's Strength,
the attacker can immobilize him. In the next round, she can
begin to inflict harm. Any character struck by this attack loses
his attacks for the current turn.

If the attacker misses altogether (by failing the Dexterity
+ Brawl roll), she is knocked down and must spend an action
getting to her feet.

Continuing to grapple during each turn after the first re-
quires the combatants to make opposed Strength + Brawl rolls.
Whoever accumulates more successes may immobilize the

other. If both score the same number of successes, neither

gains the upper hand this turn.
Roll: Dexterity + Brawl
Damage: Strength

Difficulty: 6
Actions: 1

Kick: A kick can range from a very simple front kick
to aerial spins. Depending on the circumstances, the diffi-
culty and damage modifier may be adjusted (Storyteller's dis-
cretion). The damage from a kick is never aggravated.

Melee Weapons Table

Difficulty
Sap Strength
Club
Knife
Foil

Saber

Weapon Damage Conceal

Strength +

Strength +

Strength +

Strength +

Broadsworc Strength

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl

ae alee ce Special Maneuvers

¢ Punch: The attacker balls her hand into a tight fist Not every chi ter will be able to perform the fol

and swings it with all her might. The Storyteller may adjust

; lowing maneuvers; they must be learned through training.
the difficulty and/or allow extra dice if the attacker decides

For each dot a character has in her Brawl Attribute, she

the type of punch she wishes to deliver: hook, jab, haymaker, fay choose One of the follow ng maneuvers

etc. The damage from a punch is never aggravated.

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 6
Damage: Strength Actions

Players may create special maneuvers not on this list,
subject to the Storyteller's approval.

Relic Firearms Chart

Type Difficulty | Damage Range Rate Concealment Pathos Use
Revolver, Lt 6 4 12 3 R I
Revolver, Hvy 6 35 2 J I
Pistol, Lt 7 P l
Pistol, Hvy 3 7 J l
Rifle N 2
SMG, Small 3 2
SMG, Large' 3
Assault Rifle

Shotgun

Shotgun, Semi-auto

ARCHAIC FIREARMS

Crossbow

Matchlock Pistol (1400s) N/A

Matchlock Rifle (1400s) N/A

Wheellock Pistol (1500s) N/A

Wheellock Rifle (1500s) 8 N/A

Flintlock Pistol (1600s) 8 N/A

Flintlock Rifle (1600s) 8 N/A

Dueling Pistol (1770) 7 1 N/A
"Brown Bess" Rifle (1700s) 7 1 N/A
7 1 N/A
7 1 N/A N

Range: This is the practical range of the gun in yards. A character may fire on a target at up to double the listed range;

Percussion Pistol (1800s)

Percussion Rifle (1800s)

however, this is considered a long-range shot
Rate: The maximum number of bullets or three-round bursts the gun can fire in a single turn. The rate does not apply to full-
auto or spray fire
Clip: The number of bullets that can be held in one clip or in the barrel. The! + 1 indicates a bullet can be held in the
Concealment: P = can be hidden in a pocket; J = can be hidden inside a jacket; T = can be hidden inside a trenchcoat; N =
cannot be hidden on one's person at all
Pathos: The Pathos cost for a weapon of this sort to be usable. The investment of the Pathos cost in the weapon will activate it
indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts, full-auto fire and sprays
The crossbow unlike a firearm, does not ack attack succeses to the damage Dice Pool. Additionally, a crossbow takes five tums to reload.
These archaic weapons must be reloaded meticulously or they will misfire. Roll Dexterity + Firearms, difficulty 6, to reload. If

you achieve more than 5 successes, you may get two shots off in one round. If you botch, the weapon misfires and may damage you.


© Evasive Action: This maneuver involves leaping, spinning,
jumping and diving in an attempt to escape harm. This maneuver
inflicts no damage, but each success rolled subtracts one from the
opponent's number of attack successes. This maneuver acts like a
dodge in every way, except that the roll is based on Wits rather than
Dexterity; it involves outsmarting or fooling the opponent instead
of merely avoiding him. The character cannot, however, abort an
action to perform an evasive action; he must simply dodge instead.

Roll: Wits + Dodge Difficulty: 6

Damage: None Actions: |

© Leaping Rake: A leaping rake is best described as a sort of
fly-by clawing. It is an all-out attack, made by throwing oneself at
one's opponent and attempting to slash him as one flies past. It isa
difficult maneuver to perform, but often an effective one, as it can
close range on a distanced opponent ina hurry. Many wraiths expe-
rienced in combat prefer to avoid making this sort of attack, for if it
misses it leaves the attacker off-balance and vulnerable. However,
in desperate situations or instances when an all-out attack is called
for, the leaping rake is an old favorite of many Restless.

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 8

Damage: Strength + 2 Actions: |

© Taunt: By verbally abusing her opponent, a wraith might ac-
tually alarm or distract him. Just as comic book characters like to utter
witty banter while performing incredibly complex combat maneu-
vers, wraiths can also discourse at length during combat upon their
opponent's ancestry, hygiene habits, feelings towards quadrupeds or
whatever else strikes their fancy. For purposes of game mechanics,
talk (within reason —no reciting the preamble to the US Constitu-
tion each round) is considered to be free during combat, and characters
are encouraged to liven up their actions with verbal pyrotechnics.

On the other hand, taunting can be played as a combat action
which precludes other actions. For every two successes obtained on a
taunting roll, subtract one die from the opponent's next action, what-
ever itis. If more than one character uses the taunt maneuver on the
same foe in one turn, the effects are cumulative. In this way it is
possible for a group of characters to paralyze an opponent through
confusion and fear. However, as soon as one member of a Circle fails
a taunt roll, no further taunt rolls will affect that opponent that tum.

Victims paralyzed by taunting may only perform actions
that do not require rolls (although they may dodge).

The Storyteller can elect to award the character extra
attack dice for roleplaying this maneuver particularly well.

Roll: Manipulation + Expression Difficulty: Opponent's
Wits + 4 Damage: None Actions: 1

Armor

A character with body armor can add dice to her soak
rolls. Different types of body armor have different armor rat-
ings, which translate to the number of extra dice rolled on a
soak roll. On the other hand, certain types of armor restrict
body motion and thus penalize the character's Dexterity rolls
(all rolls involving this Attribute have their difficulties raised
by an amount equal to the penalty).

262 Wraith: The Oblivion

Armor

Armor Rating I

Below are some guidelines to use when creating special
maneuvers. These rules are entirely optional; beginning Sto-
rytellers should feel free to ignore them or wait until they
are familiar with the regular rules.

Dice Rolls

There should only be two dice rolls involved in any combat
maneuver: an attack roll and a damage (or effect) roll. All effects
from the maneuver should be figured through these two rolls. An
exception to this rule isa movement-based maneuver (see below).

A hand-to-hand attack is made with a Dexterity + Brawl roll,
while a melee attack is made with a Dexterity + Melee roll. When-
ever a character tries to outsmart or fool an opponent, such as with
the taunt maneuver, the roll would instead use Manipulation plus
an appropriate Ability (such as Brawl, Intimidation or Subterfuge).

Difficulty

The difficulty for a maneuver is usually 6, but this can be
raised or lowered depending on the maneuver's complexity or
precision (for example, a hamstring has a higher difficulty
because it aims for a certain area).

If the maneuver is designed to fool an opponent, the diffi-
culty is usually the opponent's Wits (or Perception) with a + 4
constant modifier. Sometimes the difficulty is an opponent's Abil-
ity + 4, or, rarely, an opponent's Attribute plus an Ability (such as
Wits + Brawl), in which case the constant modifier is not used.

Resisted Rolls

Sometimesa character can resist an attack against him, whether
by dodging, performing an evasive action or using another maneu-
ver. The Storyteller should decide whether a combatant should re-
ceive a resistance roll. The resistance roll will often require the com-
batant to split his Dice Pool if he also wants to attack that turn.

The exception to this is resisting Arcanoi. Characters can
resist Arcanoi attacks without splitting their Dice Pools. See
the specific Arcanos write-ups in Chapter Five for details.

Successes

Generally, an attack needs only one success to hit; damage is
then rolled. In some instances, however, a set number of successes is
required. For example, when a character tries to grapple an opponent,
he must gain more successes than the opponent's Strength score.

Brawling Chart

Roll Difficulty

Dex + Brawl

aneuver Damage Actions

Block

Body Dex + Brawl

none Special
Special

Grapple Dex + Brawl trength
Kick

Punch

+ Brawl Strength + |

+ Brawl Strength
Special Maneuvers

Evasive Act. Wits + Dodge
LeapingRake Dex + Brawl

Taint Manip + Expr

none
Strength + 2
Wits + 4 none 1

Damage (Effect)

Use the Brawling Chart to determine damage and adjust
from there for special conditions.

If the effect is to fool or confuse an opponent, the gen-
eral rule is that each success on the attack roll subtracts one
, only the at-
tack roll is made; there is no separate damage roll.

die from the opponent's Dice Pool. In this

Multiple Actions: As always, a character will have to

split his Dice Pool to perform multiple actions in one turn.

Movement: Normally, a character may not move and at-
tack in the same action. However, some maneuvers, such as Body
Slam, do permit this. The Storyteller can allow other movement-
based maneuvers to be performed with the following guidelines.

If a character is performing some acrobatic feat, such as leap-
ing, swinging from a chandelier, etc., then a Dexterity + Athletics
roll may also be required. The difficulty depends on the complex-
ity of the maneuver. A simple roll to determine leaping distance
has a difficulty of only 3 (see "Jumping," page 250), while a leap
from a hurtling train onto a galloping horse may have a difficulty
as high as 9. He must split his Dice Pool between the acrobatics

roll and the attack roll. However, the Storyteller should use the
Automatic Success rule whenever possible.

Combat Summary Chart

Stage One: initiative

Roll Wits + Alertness (difficulty 4). The winner
declares her action last (after she has heard everyone else's
actions) and performs it first:

* Declare Dice Pool division if performing multiple actions.

Stage Two: Attack

* For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.

 Formelee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity + Melee

¢ For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll
Dexterity + Brawl.

© Dodge: roll Dexterity + Do
forfeit some or all of his Dice Pool tododge at any time;

A character can

each success subtracts one from the opponent's successes

Stage Three: Resolution

© Roll damag
(difficulty 6)

© Soak damag

determined by weapon or maneuver

»; roll Stamina (difficulty 6)

Actions: The difficulty increases by + |

lifficulty to hit an immob

ased by 2.

© Immobilization: The
lized targer'is dect
When Corpus damage exceeds Stamina

rating, the target is stunned and cannot act next turn.

There are some exceptions to this rule, in the interest of
dramatic license. If a character has seen many swashbuckler
movies and practiced the flamboyant moves she has seen, the
Storyteller might allow her to swing from a chandelier and
attack without having to split her Dice Pool. Alternately, the 3)
Storyteller may require her to "purchase" this as a special ma- J] |
neuver (see "Special Maneuvers," page 261).


GLAD TO SEE NOU ROBIN. IT WAS

WHERE ARE THE CHAINS
a // TODAY, AOBIN? MILLER LET
Ypp\ I you our FoR A WALK:

HELLO, ALEXZA NICE TO
SEE You, TOO. STILL WORKING
FoR OBLIVION ALONG WITH
THE REST OF THE OLD GANG?

|

WONDERING 1F YOU COULD 00 ME
A. A REAP

LLED
HABD.
LG

BLOCKING,
CASE SCENE

ou'

Lah ane
eee,

SIE THE, PARTY LINE FOP, SOMEONE
WHO CARES. I DON'T ki wHos
WOASE, YOU GUYS E
SPECTALS. YOu DON'T EE
DOPPELGANGEAS BIICHING
OVER, THELA PERCENTAGES...

FF You DONT MIND zm AS
LITTLE Busy TO TALK LI TECS.
BESIDES, IF IT WEAENT FOR US
Guys, YD GET To SEE WHAT
DOPPELGANGEAS BITCH OVER UP
CLOSE AND PERSONAL.


After rushing Robin to Little
Five Points (David is getting antsy at
being left out of the action), Joshua
describes the scene. As there's a thriv-
ing arts:community in that part of
town, Joshua mentions that the cast
of'a production of Macbeth is foung-
ing around outside the local theater
talking about their work.

Example of Play

Joshua is setting up a Wraith story with-Annys and Dayid. Robin, Annys' character, is a
Jow-ranking member of the Hierarchy, while Alexia, a sworn Heretic, is played by David. Joshua
is using this story to forge a bond between two radically different wraiths, hoping that the built-
in Hierarchy /Heretic conflict will be ripe with story potential; To start things off, Joshua has
William Miller, a high-ranking member of the Hierarchy of Atlanta (sec Necropolis Atlanta),
ask Robin to investigate the disappearance of a local Reaper. This sends Robin to the Little Five
Points section of the city, where Alexia has her Haunt. Hopefully the two characters will mect,
and the story will unfold from there..As Miller is an Anacreon, though not of Robin's Legion,
his polite "request" carrics enough weight to get Robin headed quickly toward Little Five Points.

Annys looks at Robin's character
sheet, and notices the Passion Protect my
favorite book (Love) 2. She asks Joshua if
any of the actors sitting outside are obvi-
ously expressing love for their craft, and if
30, if Robin could gain any Pathos from
them. He started with 7 Pathos points, but
Annys wants more — just in case.

Joshua thinks for minute, and de-
cides that a particularly attractive actress
— just the sort to catch Robin's eye in the
first place — fits the bill.

Normally, the target number fora Pas-
sion roll of this-sort would be-9, but as
both Robin's Passion and the actress' cn-
thusiasm express Love for their work,
Joshua decides to knock the difficulty of
the roll down to 8. Annys rolls Robin's Pas-
sion of Love (2), and gets an 8 and a6. The
success grants him | point of Pathos. Annys
starts looking hopefully at the other actors,
but Joshua doesn't want to lose the momen-
tum of the story, announcing that the ac-
tors finish their coffee and move inside.

It's time to bring Alexia on stage:

Joshua uses this moment to introduce Alexia. He decides
to stack the deck a little by informing Annys'that Alexia and
Robin had crossed paths before, creating an in-character reason
for the two wraiths to interact.

The characters engage in a little dialogue, whichis obviously the
continuation of an old argument. This previous acquaintance wasnt in
cither of the characters' backgrounds, but as it seems natural, Joshua
decides to run with it. Robin wins this round, and Alexia is prepared to
Jet him go when Joshua Jets David know that Alexia's Fatalism ability
Kismet has pegged Robin as being important.

In reality, Joshua is worried that by behaving im character, Robin
and Alexia will just wander off in opposite directions and never speak
again. So, taking advantage of what he knows about Alexia's Arcanoi, he
uses a game mechanic (her Kismet) to ensure that she'll have a reason to
continue to interact with Robin.

To give the two wraiths a chance: to converse, Joshua tells
David that while sitting in her Haunt, an antique store across from
the theatre, Alexia noticed Robin as he "mingled" with the actors.
‘Sceing a chance to tweak a harmless Hierarchy representative, David
decides that Alexia will sneak up on Robin and try to give him a
bit ofa fright, Joshua asks David to soll Dexterity + Stealth, at a
difficulty of S because Robin is still distracted by the theatre troupe.
Alexia has 3 dots in Dexterity and 2 in Stealth, which gives her S
dice. This is enough for an automatic success, but David decides
that he wants to sec if he can succeed in spectacular fashion. He
rolls, and gets 7, 4,3,] and |. There's only one'success to go against
two ones, so it'sa botch. Since ita non-critical situation. Joshua
rules that Alexia simply couldn' contain herself from taunting
Robin, and David takes it from there with enthusiasm.


BY THE WAY STAY
[GHT, MILLERS
RED DOUBLE

GODDAM, THAT. H!

WHY $5 THERE NEVER A

BROKEN WINDOW iN
THESE PLACES

HOME Cay

HELP YOUP

20 WHY DIDNT You
SHENATDE HEA? AFRAID? @
You OW YOU WANTED
{o, BUT You WERE AFRAID... Xe

OPE, NO MACEDON
HERE... WALT A M{NUTE
WHAT THE HELL $5 THAT?

ir [l
Shy

SECONDS/ EIS


As Robin walks off toward the deserted house
that serves as Macedon's Haunt, Robin turns and
offers a warning to Alexia about the night's in-
escased patrols, Again, this isnt something that was
explicitly stated earlier, but it's good roleplaying
80 Joshua Iets it slide. Alexia, touched by Robin's
‘warning and curious because of what Kismet told
her, decides to follow him secretly.

Using the Shadowing rules, Joshua asks

») David to roll Perception + Streetwise (difficulty
6) to shadow Robin. David rolls 9, 8, 8, 7 and 4;

four successes is more than cnough to follow

Acting as Robin's Shadow, David of-
fers three Shadow Dice when Annys an-
nounces that Robin's going to check to see
if anyone's following him. Annys agrees, and
tolls Perception + Investigation, plus the
three Shadow dice: Annys rolls a7, 5, 4 and
4 on her regular dice;but her Shadow dice
come up 2, | and 1 —a botch that also gives
Robin's Shadow 2 points of Angst. Robin
has no idea-Alexia is following him, but
his Shadow is feeling energetic.

With Robin's Shadow on a roll, David
decides to ride it forall it's worth. As Robin
mounts the steps to the Reapers Haunt, he
starts whispering insinuations into Robin's
car, hoping to distract him from whatever
dangers lic ahead, Robin, needing all his wits
about him if he's going to find Macedon, in-
stead tries to ignore his Shadow's whispers.
Joshua rules that Annys must make a Will-
power roll against Robin's Shadow's Perma-
nent Angst of 5. As Robin has a Permanent
Willpower rating of 6, she rolls 6 dice: They

Robin to Macedon's haunt. David must also roll
Alexia', Dexterity + Stealth to avoid alerting
Robin. He rolls a 9,8, 6 and 2 compared to Robin's
Petception + Alertness of 7, netting two successes.
Robin has no idea he's being followed.

‘Without further incident, Robin searches the exterior of the Haunt for a means
of entry. Joshua asks Annys to roll Perception +Alertness (difficulty 6) to find a way
in. She does, and rofls no successes, so Joshua rules that the house is sealed up tight. If
he wants to get in, Robin must pass through the door by becoming incorporeal. Annys
decides that this would be less painful than reporting failure to Milles, so she marks
off onc Corpus Level and announces that Robim has just walked through the door He
reappears inside the house on the other side of the door, butas a penalty for having
walked through a solid object, his Corpus will remain incorporeal for a number of
rounds (in this case three) equal to his Stamina rating. Robin takes that time to look
around the Haunt for Macedon, but doesnt find him. As he already knows that Macedon
isnt at home, Joshua doesn't bother making Annys roll for the search.

Being a reckless sort, Robin
Starts\to step through the ‘half-open
door, but)stops when he secs what
must be a Spectre rising from a Ni-
hil on the floor. Robin isn't stupid,
so Annys decides that he immediately
figures out: A) what happened to
Macedon, and B) that he's in agreat
deal of trouble. Deciding to give
Robin a small break, Joshua takes the
opportunity for melodrama with the
Spectre, and has the creature spout
some witty banter before attacking.

Alexia follows Robin
into the house. Joshua, know~
ing that Alexia has Danger
Sense (Fatalism )/asks
David to roll Alexias Percep-
tion + Fatalism (difficulty 6).
He rolls 10, 8, 5, 3 and I. get-
ting only one success. Still,
with a Spectre lurking about,
‘one success is enough. Joshua
informs Alexia that assoon as
Robin vanished into the
house, she began to feel a pal-
pable sense of menace: As her
Shadow (permanent Angst rat-
ing of 2) is too weak to dis-
suade her, she plunges through
the front door in the same way
Robin did. As the Danger
Sense has given Alexia plenty
of warning, David announces
that she's pulling out her
trusty relic knife as well.

come up 10,84, 4, 3 and 1; one success,
which will enable Robin to ignore his darker
side — for the moment.

Though Robin has managed to silence his Shadow temporarily, it's not
done for the evening. Joshua rules (secretly, of course) that there is a Spectre in
the kitchen who has successfully made Robin's Shadow aware of his presence,
He passes a note with this to David, who in his role as Shadowguide thinks that
it's about time that Robin got himself into alittle trouble. He spends a tempo=
rary Angst point to activate the Thorn Trick of the Light, making the door at the
end of the hall glow cerily. Robin, of course, goes to investigate the strange
light, exactly what both his Shadow and the waiting Spectre wanted. Plus,
even with spending an Angst point to use the Thorn, Robin's Shadow still has
more Angst than normal. Annys doesn't know quite how much power Robin's
Shadow has at this point, but she's starting to.get worried...

As the Spectre pulls itself into the room, Joshua asks Annys
to soll Wits + Alertness for combat initiative. Anny does, and
rolls 8, 5.4 and 2 — one success. Meanwhile, Joshua has rolled
three successes for the Spectre, who acts first. Screaming, it leaps
upon its prey.

Joshua rolls Dexterity + Brawl forthe Spectre against a
difficulty of 6 for a claw attack, and cnds up with a whopping
six successes. He asks Annys if Robin is going to dodge, and
David offers Shadow Dice once again. Annys takes the Shadow
Dice, knowing she's going to necd all the help she can get,
and rolls Dexterity + Dodge + 3 Shadow Dice. However, the
dice have something against Annys tonight: no successes and
two more Is on her Shadow Dice. Robin's Shadow gains 2
more temporary Angst, and Robin himself trips over the door-
jamb as he tries to dodge the Spectre's attack. Joshua rules
that the botch was so bad that Robin falls backward with the
Spectre on top of him, and rolls the Spectre's damage. Roll-
ing six dice (four for the Spectre's strength and two for the
claws), Joshua comes up with five successes. Annys rolls
Robin's Stamina (three dice) to sec if he can soak any of the
damage, and comes up with 10, 4 and 3,One'success lets her
subtract One level of Corpus damage, but Robin still takes
four. Plus, the Spectre's now on top of Robin.

| Wihege sed
Ns,
GAAS Na ANDY

\

HANKS
‘OR THE
RESCUE

NO PROBLEM.
WHERE 10, MIGHTY
HUNTER OF SPECTAI

Ka
BAck TO THE CITADEL. aaa
I NEED TO MAKE A REPORT
ABOUT ALL THis.
; 4
. 3

i
Ly, OH _NO WE DON'T.
$M NOT GOING ANYWHERE
NEAR THAT PLACE..


i Alexia is standing down the David announces at this
hall from where Robin is being point that he wants to split
shtedded. She shouts tovattract Alexia's Dice Pool. First, Al-

theymonster'syattention, and
Joshtia decides that/it tums its
head:-Robin takes this opportu
nity tolscramble backward, away
from the creature's grasp. Joshitia

exia will dodge. dropping un-
der the Spectre's attack.
Then, she wants to gut it as
it goes by. The first roll is
Dexterity + Dodge, the sec-

asks Annys fora Dextetity-+Ath- ond Dexterity + Melee. Al-
Tetics roll to see if Robin can es- exia has seven diceiin the first
cape. Since the Spectre's\dis- pool and six in the latter, so
tracted, Joshua sets the difficulty David has only six dice to,
at. Annys rolls three successes. use. He puts five into the
Robin gets away easily. dodge and one into the at-
Again, Joshua has everyone tack. Joshua rolls the

roll initiative. David gets five Spectre's attack at the same
successes, the Spectre two, and time David does Alexia's
Annys one, so Alexia gets to act dodgesjand everything goes
first. David asks Joshua if he can Alexia's way. The Spectre
delay his action, and Joshua gets no successes, while Al-
exia gets four. The monster's

ey aig claws don't even come close,

Deciding that Alexia outclassed, David tells Joshua and Annys
that he's having the Heretic get-herself and Robin out of there. She
starts pelting down the hall toward Robin. who unfortunately is pre-
occupied. Annys' most recent botches on the Shadow Dice have raised
Robin's Shadow's temporary Angst to 8, greater tham his Willpower.
David, who enjoys making life difficult for himself, decides that the
‘Shadow is going to use the opportunity to take control of Robin's
Corpus, and initiates a Catharsis roll by spending a temporary Angst
point. He rolls the Shadow's permanent Angst (five dice) while Annys
rolls Robin's Willpower (seven dice), with both rolling against a tar-
getof 6. Annys'rolls 10, 9,8, 7, 5 and 2, while Joshua rolls 8,6, 4.3
and.3. Annys gets more successes, so Robin stays in control of his
‘Corpus. Again, it's time for initiative rolls; this time Alexia and Robin
tie with two successes, and the Spectre goes last with one.

‘Now it'stime for Alexia's attack. David doesn't
want to take'any chances, so he spendsa Willpower
point. Irs an automatic success, and the Spectre cant
dodge. David rolls damage on Alexia's attack: two
dice for her Strength + | for the knifer She rolls
three successes, and the Spectre doesnt soak. It's
‘wounded, but Joshua lets David know that it doesn't
look badly hurt.

At this point, Joshua rules that Alexia reaches Robin' cor-
net. David has Alexia turn on her Argos power of Phantom Wings,
rolling Stamina + Argos (difficulty 8). She gets three successes,
meaning that she can fly for three turns. At the same time, Robin
reaches out to take Alexia's hand. Joshua asks for Dexterity +
Brawl (difficulty 4), and Robin makes it with case. Down the
hall, the Spectre turns for another attack.

‘With joined hands Alexia and Robin burst through the walls of Macedon's Haunt and soar upward where
the Spectre cant follow. The wraiths are temporarily safe, and Joshua has set the stage for the restof the
chronicle, It's up to Alexia and Robin to decide what, they want'to do now....


Be afraid. Be very afraid.
— Veronica "Ronnie" Quaife, The Fly (1986)

pectres are souls who have been devoured
by Oblivion, but not swallowed by the
Void. Their numbers include both wraiths
whose Shadows have conquered them and
}]| mortals who died such violent deaths that
i) they crossed the Shroud with their Shad-
ows in ascendance. The circumstances of
each soul's transformation determines which Spectral caste
the individual Spectre will belong to once it emerges from its
Tempest-tossed cocoon; wraiths who succumb to the lures
offered by their Shadows become Doppelgangers, for example,
while those souls lost in the Tempest become Shades.

A Spectre's caste determines its position in Spectral soci-
ety, which is rigid and hierarchic in a cannibalistic sort of way.
Within the confines of caste, a Spectre's individual influence is
determined by its Dark Passions. The more a Spectre hates, or
lusts, or is greedy, the more influence it has among its peers.
Spectres are creatures of Dark Passion; they are Hate, Rage or
some similar emotion made manifest. Proximity to a strong
emotion such as the Spectre embodies (this emotion is called
their Being, and serves them in place of Willpower) can trigger
a frenzied state called Rapacity, during which the Spectre mind-
lessly attacks the wraith or mortal who provoked it. When-
ever a Spectre encounters a mortal or wraith with a Passion
equivalent to its Being, equal to or more than its Being rating,
the Spectre must make a Being roll or become Rapacious.

Oblivion slowly consumes Spectres even as they serve its
will. Some Shades claim that it is sentient and aware, while
others assert that Oblivion is a mindless, implacable force. Only
its voracious appetite is agreed upon by all. The erosive impact
of Oblivion's presence on Spectres ensures that their existence
is usually both brief and painful, and out of sheer sadism some
Spectres will try to tempt wraiths into becoming their com-
panions in torment. When Oblivion eventually claims a Spec-
tre, a Nihil opens around his remains, plunging what remains
of the decaying fragments into the Void. Wraiths or other Spec-
tres in the Nihil's vicinity risk a similar fate, and if they are
pulled down with the remnants of Spectral Corpus, at the very
least they will find themselves deep within the Labyrinth.

Oblivion's slow destructive power means that Spectres
are in pain every second of their existence in the Under-
world. It is in hope of ending their pain that Spectres so
fanatically serve Oblivion, throwing themselves into the fray
in the hope of a quicker death. Not all Spectres are suicidal;

270

Wraith: The Oblivion

+=

some instead plot the destruction of all existence in the hope
that the end of all will mean an end to their pain. This am-
bition, annihilating not just the world but all worlds, is the
closest thing the majority of Spectres have to a goal. All
Spectres seek to inflict their own suffering upon others, be
they mortal or supernatural.

If they can be said to have a purpose in the World of
Darkness, then Spectres exist to harvest the seeds of Oblivion
that grow in all souls. To this end they possess some mortals
and haunt others in order to stimulate the growth of the
Dark Passions upon which they feed. They spread the es-
sence of Oblivion throughout the Skinlands and the
Shadowlands, nurturing negative emotions and wreaking
bloody havoc. Because Oblivion is so strong in Spectres, they
find it difficult to notice the world of the Quick. Spectres
are twice as far removed from the Skinlands as wraiths, and
the Shroud is correspondingly difficult for them to pierce.
Most mortals are invisible to Spectres, as is the mortal world.

»,When they are not attacking the Restless or haunting
the Quick, Spectres plot and intrigue in their mephitic lairs
in the Labyrinth. They also haunt the Tempest, the turbu-
lent nature of which they can twist and alter with the Dark
Arcanos Tempest-Weaving. Other Dark Arcanoi, which
Spectres possess but wraiths cannot, are Shroud-Rending
(which allows a Spectre to interact with the Skinlands);
Contaminate (by means of which a Spectre can infect oth-
ers with Oblivion); Larceny (which enables a Spectre to heal
the damage inflicted upon it by Oblivion by stealing the
energy of others); and Hive-Mind (through the use of which
a Spectre may remember information it has never learned).
Details concerning Dark Arcanoi, and a wealth of other
information concerning the Shadow-Eaten, can be found
in Dark Reflections: Spectres.

Doppelgangers

As their name suggests, Doppelgangers are Spectres who
are still able to pass for wraiths. Many are able to change their
appearance in order to infiltrate Hierarchy Necropoli and
Renegade outposts, where they gather information, spread lies,
destroy key individuals and take their places, and generally
wreak havoc. Doppelgangers are favored agents of the
Malfeans, and are more often found in the Shadowlands than
in the Tempest.

Doppelgangers retain all their intelligence upon becom-
ing Spectres. Some say that the transforming nature of
Oblivion sharpens their wits, making them all the deadlier.
They are free-willed, malevolent and in possession of all their
wraithly Fetters and Arcanoi.

Regardless of what appearance they take, all
Doppelgangers can be detected by the death-light of Oblivion,
which burns darkly in their eyes. Alert wraiths may recognize
this light, and so detect a Doppelganger by succeeding on a
Perception + Occult roll (difficulty 8).


Sample Doppelganger Statistics
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2,
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Performance 2, Stealth 2
Knowledge: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 2
Arcanoi: Moliate 3
Dark Arcanoi: Tempest Weaving 1, Shroud-Rending 2
Shade Powers: None
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Mentor 4
Dark Passions: 10 points worth
Fetters: 5 points worth
Being: Envy 5
Permanent Corpus: 10
Angst: 10

Shades

Those Spectres known as Shades are the most fearsome of
their kind. They are the shock troops of Oblivion, existing only to
destroy. Shades are all that remains of wraiths who were caught in
a Maelstrom or lost in the Tempest. Their higher thoughts are
stripped away by raw Oblivion, leaving only Dark Passions to
motivate the emerging Shade in its new existence.

Shades are the epitome of destructive energy. They exist
to tear down the bulwarks holding back Oblivion, from the
soulforged walls of Imperial Stygia to the hopes and beliefs of
individual wraiths and the Quick.

Lacking mortal drives and ambitions, Shades cannot have Fetters,
and so cannot exist for long in the Shadowlands or Skinlands unless sum-
moned there through necromancy or otherwise transported there by
others. The Tempest is their home, and much of its nigh-infinite expanse
is made inhospitable by the voracious hordes of Shades dwelling there.

Sample Shade Statistics
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2
Skills: Leadership 3, Melee 3, Stealth 3
Knowledge: Enigmas 3
Arcanoi: None
Dark Arcanoi: Contaminate 1, Hive-Mind 2, Larceny 2, Tempest-
Weaving 3
Shade Powers: 1 to 3 Shade Powers
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Notoriety 2
Dark Passions: 12 points
Fetters: None
Being: Despair 5
Permanent Corpus: 15
Angst: 10


Dark Arcanoi

The Dark Arcanoi of Spectres have
the following powers:

Shroud-Rending allows a Spectre to:
Extend its time manifesting in the
Skinlands, and see and hear things in the
Skinlands with varying degrees of clarity.

Hive-Mind allows a Spectre to: Send
a telepathic distress signal; conduct two-
way telepathic conversations with other
nearby Spectres; recall information in full
which she herself may not have fully
learned; dredge up secrets known by Spec-
tres long since swallowed by the Void; and
eventually pull any information from the
vast Spectral communal consciousness.

Tempest-Weaving allows a Spectre to:
Navigate the Tempest; locate Nihils and
eavesdrop through them; employ Nihils as
shortcuts between the Tempest and the
Shadowlands; ride Maelstroms; retrieve
objects from the Tempest (the assortment
is generally random); pull specific lost ob-
jects from the Tempest (such as Artifacts)
and reshape the Tempest and the Laby-
rinth as it desires (particularly useful when
staging a Harrowing).

Contaminate allows a Spectre to: See
Oblivion's hold on living creatures; ob-
serve and speak with a wraith's Shadow;
discover a wraith's Nature; feed a Shadow
Angst; awaken new Thorns; and even help
a Shadow assume control.

Larceny allows a Spectre to: Deter-
mine how strong Oblivion is in others;
drain Corpus from others to replace her
own; implant Dark Passions in chosen
targets; draw Angst from the pain it in-
flicts on others; heal botch damage; and
transfer the effects of Oblivion from it-

self to another.

Wraith: The Oblivion

tie)

iat

Shade Powers

All Shades, and certain other Spectres as well, have
uniquely monstrous abilities called Shade Powers. All Shades
havi st one, while some have as many as four or five.

¢ Bind — In order to use this Shade Power, the Shade must
first successfully grapple her target (see "Brawl Complications"
page 259). In the next turn, the Shade's form twists to envelop
her victim completely, and unless the Shade is destroyed any
wraith imprisoned thus cannot be freed. The encapsulated wraith
is usually carried off into the Tempest to an uncertain doom. Use
of this power costs three Angst points. Some Shades use this
power to conceal other Shades within themselves, bursting open

fellows at an appropriate moment.

© Chameleon Parasite — This power allows a Shade to at-
tach itself inconspicuously to a wraith by making a Dexterity +
Stealth (difficulty of the wraith's Perception + Alertness) roll. A
light-source held up to the wraith's Corpus might detect the pres-
ence of the Shade parasite (Perception + Awareness, difficulty 8),
but otherwise the parasite will remain undetectable by most means.
So long as it remains quiescent, the Shade can follow the wraith
wherever it goes, even into the Shadowlands. The Shade may
then detach itself, inflicting one Corpus Level of damage to its
host in the process, and attack anyone nearby for one to five turns
before vanishing into the Tempest. By journeying thus, the Shade
can also act as "ears" for a Malfean. This Power costs five Angst
points to use, plus one Angst per day spent out of the Tempest.

© Ectoplasmic Tentacles — Endowed with extra limbs
of a sort, the Shade can attack twice a turn. Spectres with
Ectoplasmic Tentacles rarely use weapons.

¢ Hound the Harrowed — The Shade can attach itself
to a wraith's Psyche as it falls through the Tempest into the
Labyrinth. While in the Labyrinth, the Shade can attempt to
capture any Willpower or Pathos spent during the wraith's

Being

Being is a Trait unique to Spectres. A

spectre's Being is determined by its stron-
gest Dark Passion. For example, a
Doppelganger whose highest Dark Passion
is Kill all servants of the Hierarchy
(Hate) 5 will have Hate as its Being, at an
initial rating equivalent to the Dark Pas-
sion. Being points may be spent in the same
manner as Willpower, and a Spectre's Be-
ing rating may increase and decrease dur-
ing game play. Similarly, Spectres use
Angst (gleaned from their Dark Passions)

instead of Pathos to power their Arcanoi.


Harrowing and convert it to Angst for its own use. To do so,
the Spectre rolls Dexterity + Awareness (difficulty 9). Each
success allows another point to be transmuted.

* Miasmal Breath — This Power allows the Shade to
exhale a noxious vapor, akin in nature to the foul winds of
Oblivion that whirl through the Labyrinth. Victims caught
in the exhalation lose one point of Corpus per Angst point
the Shade invests in the use of this Power. As the Spectre is
essentially exhaling raw Oblivion, this damage cannot be
soaked or resisted.

¢ Numbing the Heart — The Shade can attack a wraith's
Passions directly, infecting them with the cold of Oblivion.
After a successful attack, a Shade wishing to use this Power
makes a contested roll of its Angst against the target's Will-
power. If the Shade succeeds, one of its victim's Passions has
its rating reduced by one. This Power costs the Shade three
Angst points with each use, but is capable of driving a wraith
into a Harrowing when employed in battle.

© Pathos Drain — On any successful attack roll, the
Shade can drain one point of Pathos per success. These Pa-
thos points are then converted directly to Angst points on a
one-for-one be ades with this Power often become greedy
and bloat them: on Angst, and there are legends of
Shades who took so-much from their victims that they liter-
ally exploded.

© Rend the Lifeweb — The Shade can attack a wraith's
Fetters directly. After a successful attack, the Shade rolls its
Angst against its victim's Willpower. If the Shade succeeds,

one of the wraith's Fetters has its rating reduced by one. Use
of this Power costs five Angst points, but like Numb the Heart
it can tumble wraiths easily into Harrowings.

© Shark's Teeth — The Shade can do aggravated dam-
age with a bite (damage = Strength + 2).

© Siphon Emotion — The Shade can directly attack the
Passions of an opponent, and convert drained Passion points
to Dark Passions. Each point so drained increases the Shade's
dominant Dark Passion (and also its Being) by one. The Shade
must successfully grapple its opponent in combat, and then
attempt to overcome the target's Pathos with its Being in an

opposed roll.

* Spectral Scream — The Shade can scream into the
Tempest, thereby summoning one to five more Shades. Use
of this Power costs five Angst points, regardless of the num-
ber of Shades summoned.

© Stampede — Shades generally run in packs. Through
use of this Power, all the Shades of a single pack can combine
their physical talents to inflict greater damage on their foes.
At the cost of one Angst point and one point of Being, each
Shade with this Power who takes part in a joint charge or
attack can temporarily assume the value of the highest
Strength, Dexterity and Stamina of any Shade in the group.

© Talons — The Shade can do aggravated damage with
its razored claws (damage equals Strength + 1).


¢ Tempest Wrack — At the cost of two points of Angst
and one point of Being, a Shade can infect the Tempest around
her with her own inner turmoil. This results in the Tempest
becoming wracked by storms, whirlpools bubbling up through
Byways and other generally unpleasant effects.

Stripling

Child wraiths who succumb to their Shadows become
Striplings. Shades, Doppelgangers and Mortwights are all found
among the ranks of the Striplings, who are unique in Spectral
society in that they are a group whose membership crosses

caste borders. The Striplings became an organized movement
among Spectres during the Industrial Revolution, when the
numbers of children who became wraiths and eventually (or
sometimes swiftly) Spectres began to increase rapidly.
Striplings delight in leading other children, wraith or
mortal, to share their doom. After all, misery loves company.
All Striplings excel in the Dark Arcanos Shroud-Rending,
allowing them much greater contact with the Skinlands than
most Spectres.
Sample Stripling Statistics
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

"yj i Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Wraith: The Oblivion

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 5, Streetwise 3
Skills: Stealth 5

Knowledge: Enigmas 4, Investigation 3

Arcanoi: Embody 2, Keening 1, Outrage 1

Dark Arcanoi: Larceny 2, Shroud-Rending 3, Tempest-Weav-
ing 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Dark Passions: 10 points

Fetters: Variable, up to 10 points

Being: Jealousy 5

Permanent Corpus: 10

Angst: 10

Mortwights

Mortwights are Spectres who never spent time as wraiths.

Their mortal deaths were so violent or shocking that they were

claimed instantly by Oblivion. Mortwights seem more at home
in the Tempest than other Spectres, and are especially skilled
at the Dark Arcanos Tempest-Weaving. Currently their num-
bers are few, which sets them firmly at the bottom of the ladder
as far as Spectral castes go. As their ranks grow with every drive-
by and serial murder, however, they gain strength and seethe
against the contempt of the other castes.


NT
_ Sample Mortwight Statistics

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 2, Ex-

pression 3

Skills: Leadership 4, Melee 3, Stealth 2

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 2, Politics 3

Arcanoi: None

Dark Arcanoi: Hive-Mind 1, Tempest-Weaving 5

Backgrounds: Artifact 1, Contacts 2

Dark Passions: 8 points

Fetters: None

Being: Rage 5

Corpus: 10

Angst: 10

Nephvwracks

Spectres whose Corpus is so permanently stained by
Oblivion that not even the most skilled application of Moliate
can conceal it become Nephwracks, courtiers to Malfeans.
They take perverse pride in transforming themselves into the
most repulsive forms they can imagine. To a sane eye,
Nephwracks are worse monstrosities than were ever imagined
by Bosch and Blake — emaciated, deformed, charnel horrors.

Unable to infiltrate Restless society, instead they plan its
destruction. Nephwracks interpret the dreams of Malfeans,
and deliver commands and guidance to Shade war parties.
When not attempting to destroy wraiths, they plot against
one another and their masters' rivals, and they are not above
destroying their own kind. Nephwracks make admirable vil-
lains for Wraith chronicles, as they are powerful enough to
pose a true threat, but they can also be defeated by a skilled
and insightful Circle.

Sample Nephwrack Statistics
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 3
Knowledge: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 3, Politics 3
Arcanoi: Phantasm 1
Dark Arcanoi: Hive-Mind 4, Larceny 2, Tempest-Weaving 1
Backgrounds: Mentor 5
Dark Passions: 10 points
Fetters: Variable; none to 5 points
Being: Selfishness 5
Permanent Corpus: 10
Angst: 10

=

Spectral society. Massive, bloated horrors spawned of nightmare
and the dark before death, Malfeans defy description. Much of
their time is spent in slumber, and they rouse only fitfully every
few centuries. Some Malfeans have colonies of Shades dwelling
in tunnels gnawed through their rotten flesh. Others are sur-
rounded by servile Nephwracks and fawning Doppelgangers who
carry out their every mumbled whim. It is said that some Malfeans
are Spectres who have devoured their fellows, growing great in (j |;
size and power by their supernatural cannibalism, although given
Oblivion's all-consuming hunger, it seems unlikely that any Spec-
tre could survive long enough to prosper from such a practice.

Through their dreams Malfeans direct their servants and
guide Spectral society, rarely stirring from the caverns they
themselves gnawed out of the primal darkness eons ago.
Malfeans rarely emerge from the Labyrinth, and when they
do, their appearance signals some great impending catastro-
phe. It is rumored that somewhere in the darkest recesses of
the Labyrinth dream Malfeans who have slept since time be-
gan, of whom Gorool itself was but a pale imitation. Should
ever they awaken, then surely the Final Maelstrom shall break
over the Shadowlands, and Oblivion will reign over all.

You are advised to keep Malfeans in the wings of your
chronicle, rather than on center stage. A Malfean foe should
remain an unseen presence whose diabolic manipulation and
pervasive menace is a subdued but ominous presence, rather
than a direct threat. Any encounter with a Malfean should
come as the climax to a long and dangerous chronicle, if at all.

Even lesser Malfeans are so powerful as to make statistics
irrelevant. Greater Malfeans are virtually gods in the darkness.

earfully obedient to their masters, terrify-
ingly vicious toward everyone else in the
Underworld, barghests were once wraiths.
However, they have since been loboto-
"| mized, Moliated into the semblance of 0
hunting hounds, and trained to track or
attack the enemies of the Hierarchy. Usu-
ally barghests run in pairs (called a brace), though hunting
packs of up to a dozen have been spotted during sweeps to
capture particularly dangerous Renegades.

Each barghest wears a miuzzle, a low-grade Artifact which keeps
it loyal to the holder of its leash. If the muzzle comes off, it's anyone's
guess as to whom the hound will attack, though many barghests
are capable of houndlike affection for their keepers.

Most barghests have only animal-level intelligence. Pack
leaders tend to be a bit brighter.

Chapter Nine: Drama 275

Sample Barghest Statistics
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 3 (for Intimidation pur-
poses only), Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 0, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3
Skills: Tracking 5

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Keening 4

Passions: Serve (Loyalty) 5

Fetters: 1 point remaining

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 5

Angst: 7/5

Permanent Corpus: 8

Equipment: Muzzle, soulforged chewtoy

Dwellers in the Storm

Laughter lies on faces

Where the sun has never shown

The fear of life is strong

— Big Country, "Porrohman"
he Tempest hosts hordes of creatures neither
#) wraith nor Spectre, but something entirely
| other. They are called by many names and
4) come in an endless array of shapes and sizes.
Many new wraiths call these creatures the
Plasmic, and have even catalogued them ac-
cording to type. There are the Phantasies,
which bear a strong resemblance to the creatures found among
the living in the Skinlands. There are the Deliriums, which are
much like the Phantasies but malformed and sometimes danger-
ous. There are the Legendaries, which often appear as the crea-
tures of ancient myth, the dragons and unicorns of days gone by.
Finally, there are the Wyrd, which must surely be nightmares left
behind by long dead gods or beings of similar power. Taken as a
collective, these odd entities are referred to by the most ancient of
wraiths as the Whistimmu. While many Harbingers and
Doomslayers have tried to catalogue the strange apparitions, there
seems to be no limit to the forms they can take. The following
examples are merely some of the more common of the Whistimmu,
but everything imaginable (and some things that might not be)
can be found within the nightmarish reaches of the Tempest.

For more information on the Plasmic, see Sea of Shadows.

Tindelhounds

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

276 Wraith: The Oblivion

Tindelhound 5)

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 4

Skills: Tracking 5

Arcanoi: Argos 5, Moliate 3

Powers: Hellfire (See below)
Willpower: 9
Permanent Corpus: 10
Angst: 8
Image: Tindelhounds are massive beasts resembling giant
black dogs. There are differences, however. Dogs only have one
mouth and two eyes, while Tindelhounds have been spotted
with as many as 10 mouths and 15 eyes. Tindelhounds stand as
high as 15 feet at the shoulder, and sport what appears at first
glance to be thick black fur. On closer examination, the "fur" is
actually revealed to be a heavy mat of short barbed hooks, use-
ful for snaring whatever gets too close. These barbs are capable
of limited movement, and normally pull whatever they have
hooked closer to the numerous heads of the Tindelhounds.
The most appalling aspect of Tindelhounds is the varia-
tion each sports in the shape, size and number of its heads.
Each head is unique, though still vaguely canine, and equipped
with a massive fang-filled mouth and at least one burning
green eye. The Tindelhounds belch great gouts of green fire
from their snouts when howling, and leave a heavy trail of
soot wherever they go.

= DTS

Background: The first documented sighting of a Tindelhound
came about when one of the beasts erupted from the chest of Henry
Tindel, a wraith in London, England, in the latter part of the Vic-
torian Era. Tindel's Corpus was completely shredded in the pro-
cess of "birthing" the beast, and the few who lived through the
experience claimed that Tindel's foul temper had manifested itself
in the form of the monster. Other manifestations of Tindelhounds
since then have disproved this hypothesis, but it is still exceed-
ingly rare for one of the beasts to prowl the Shadowlands. They
prefer the far reaches of the Tempest, and several of the more notable
hells in the Far Shores have trained Tindelhounds as watchdogs.

Roleplaying Tips: Eat, growl, destroy!

Storyteller Notes: Tindelhounds are not stupid animals,
and they tend to learn as they go. While the maddened beasts
might be fooled once with a trick, they will never fall for the
same stunt twice. Working in packs, Tindelhounds tend to stick
with a target once they have decided to attack. Even leaping
into the Tempest is no guarantee of safety from these beasts, as
they can use their tracking instincts to follow the scent of their
prey (Perception + Tracking, difficulty 7) through the eternal
storm. The flames from a Tindelhound are extremely hot, and
cause two levels of aggravated damage to any wraith who gets
in their way. This damage can be soaked, but any wraith snared
in the barbs of a Tindelhound is constantly exposed to the
flames. All damage from Tindelhounds' fangs and claws is ag-
gravated. In the opinion of most wraiths, the best thing to do
when facing a Tindelhound is simply to flee, or, failing in that,
to throw another wraith in the monster's path and hope the
creature chooses the new victim instead.

Ailerons

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 0, Wits 1
Talents: N/A
Skills: Brawl 3, Dodge 4
Knowledges: N/A
Arcanoi: Argos 3
Powers: Flight, Leeching (See below)
Passions: N/A
Willpower: 4
Permanent Corpus: 5
Angst: 4
Image: An ailerons is little more than a suctioning mouth
and a prehensile tail attached to a thin reptilian body with very
large wings. These wings are actually more akin to sails, used for
soaring on the winds of the Tempest and not for actual flight. Ai-
lerons can change color to match the sky against which they glide.

Background: For as long as wraiths can remember, the Aile-
tons have always been around to swarm unwary travelers. Seldom.
leaving the sky for anything more than feeding, they learned to

: 3:

haunt the Byways where prey was more plentiful. After attaching
themselves to their prey with their long tails and their lamprey-
like mouths, the creatures literally subsume the Corpora of their
victims, who inevitably fall into devastating Harrowings as a re-
sult. When the Hierarchy was at its greatest, well-trained groups
of Legionnaires with Artifact weapons and nets were appointed to
keep the Byways cleared of these beasts, but in recent decades the
Aileron population has rebounded emphatically.
Roleplaying Hints: It's a feeding frenzy! Eat, eat, eat!
Storyteller Notes: The Ailerons are mindless. They exist
only to consume. They are easily confused by multiple targets,
but will stick with the first one they land on until they are de-
stroyed. The hook-filled mouths of the Ailerons are used to drain
Pathos and Corpus from a wraith, but despite their voracious
appetites, the beasts can only drain a point of energy (either sta-
tistic, Storyteller discretion) every two turns. This leeching ef-
fect can be soaked if the beast is attempting to drain Corpus.
The only other weapon available to these creatures is the
barb at the end of their prehensile tails, which is powerful enough
to slice through Corpus with little effort. They also use their tails
to trap and entangle victims' limbs. However, far from the By-
ways, larger and more powerful Ailerons are rumored to exist,
capable of devouring half a wraith's Corpus in a single turn.
While not invisible, the Ailerons are both small and well-
camouflaged. Attempts to spot them are at a difficulty of 9 until
they attack.

Cerements

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4
Skills: Stealth 4

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Inhabit 4, Outrage 5
Powers: Entangle (See below)

Fetters: See below

Willpower: 7

Permanent Corpus: 8

Angst: 6

Image: The Cerements are large sheets of pale, mucuslike
ectoplasm. This substance is laced with a fine layer of veins
and arteries, which pulse with an arrhythmic motion.

Background: The Cerements are believed to be wraiths
who never escaped their Cauls and were then lost in the Tem-
pest. However, no proof exists to confirm or deny this belief, as
the creatures have never been seen in their early stages. What
is known is that the "flying body bags" seem intent on enfold-
ing targets within their forms and then imprisoning them.

As Cerements are not active predators like Ailerons, the
creatures are considered harmless by many. Nevertheless, their
effect on wraiths can be very serious indeed. The longer a wraith
remains entangled within the depths of a Cerement, the more
likely that the captured Restless will forget important aspects of
his existence, including Passions, Fetters and Arcanoi. Another
common belief about the Cerements is that they are actually
able to use the memories they steal in order to become wraiths
themselves. Again, no proof exists to confirm this allegation.

Roleplaying Hints: If it moves, snare it. The peace of
the grave is your gift to others. It must not be denied.

Storyteller Notes: The Cerements exist solely to destroy memo-
ties. For every night trapped within the Cerement's form, a con-
scious wraith will lose one year's worth of memories. Over a length
of time, the wraith can forget all Passions and even forget where her
Fetters are located. While a certain pull to be near the areas where
Fetters are located will still exist, a wraith whose memories have
been drained will have no idea why she's been drawn to that area.
Often, the Cerements will steal these Fetters, pulling the attach-
ment that a wraith feels for these precious connections to the
Shadowlands away, and using them as a connection of their own.

The Cerements' greatest power is that they can force cap-
tured prey into Slumber. On a contested Willpower roll, the
Cerement can attempt to make an enfolded victim sleep, and
for each success the creature rolls, the victim remains Slumber-
ing for an entire day. Any wraith who remains too long in this
forced Slumber (a number of days equal to his Willpower) loses
all recollections of the past, and within a few weeks, becomes a
Cerement himself. Cerements, particularly those who have sto-
len Fetters, may enter the Shadowlands for brief times.

278

Wraith: The Oblivion

Shroudrippers

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 5
Arcanoi: Argos 3, Pandemonium 5
Powers: Lightning Ride (See below)
Willpower: 9
Permanent Corpus: 9
Angst: 10

Image: It is almost impossible to see one of the
Shroudrippers long enough to truly comprehend its appearance.
All that most wraiths ever see is a blurred streak tearing across
the sky. The few Shroudrippers destroyed to date have not made
good subjects for study, melting into ruined ectoplasm and then
evaporating in a matter of minutes. However, a few illustra-
tions exist that are allegedly accurate drawings of the creatures
in flight. One such illustration shows a series of long, bony joints
forming 10 near-fingers growing from a thick central disc. Thick
webbing grows between the fingers, forming sail of sorts. When
fully extended, each of the "fingers" is tipped with a razor-sharp
barb, and the webs are filled with small orifices and jets for
spraying a powerful acidlike substance. When closed, the en-
tire mass appears as a fetus held within skeletal hands.


Background: The Shroudrippers first made their appear-
ance after the last great Maelstrom, destruction their only
discernible purpose. They move at amazing speeds and shred
whatever they come in contact with. Rumors persist that the
Rippers can even slice their way through Stygian metal with
little difficulty. Many wraiths count their blessings that the
Shroudrippers only appear in the wake of Maelstroms, seem-
ingly incapable of entering the Shadowlands without the storm
winds to bear them there. Flocks of the beasts have been seen,
but never encountered (at least by anyone who cares to recall
the experience), near the Labyrinth.

Roleplaying Hints: If it moves, it's a target.

Storyteller Notes: Shroudrippers are extremely fast,
moving at velocities well over 120 miles per hour. They can
turn 180° with little effort, and produce a hideous shrieking
noise when moving at maximum velocity.

The acid mist produced by the Shroudrippers glows as
the beasts spray it on their attack runs. This glowing effect, in
conjunction with the speed of their attacks, has been dubbed
a "Lightning Ride." The exhaled mist covers an entire area,
and reduces the effective soaking ability of whatever it touches
by two dice until the affected wraith makes a successful
Stamina roll (difficulty 8). Fortunately, the effects of this mist
are not cumulative.

Kraken

Physical: Strength 10, Dexterity 4, Stamina 10
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 0, Wits 0
Arcanoi: Argos |

Willpower: 10

Permanent Corpus 100

| Angst: 10

Image: No one has ever seen the entire Kraken. What
survivors have reported is fragmentary: an enormous collec-
tion of tentacles, or a bloated, dead eye rolling in a rotting
7 socket. The sheer size of the Kraken is too much for most
wraiths to comprehend.

Background: The Great Library of Stygia mentions the
Kraken spilling forth from the Sea of Shadows before Charon
had even finished creating Stygia. The behemoth is allegedly
trapped beyond the Tempest, but able to reach through the
swirling mists from time to time and capture victims to feed
its insatiable hunger. Some claim the Kraken is actually
Oblivion itself, seeking to destroy everything. Others claim it
is a god best forgotten attempting to break through the Tem-
pest and consume all who would defy it. No one has ever seen
the Kraken and continued to exist long enough to find out
for certain.

Roleplaying Hints: Grab and crush. Whatever it is, mov-
ing or not, grab it and crush it.

Storyteller Notes: There is no Kraken, per se, and the
stories about it are just that — stories. However, something is
out there, beyond even the Tempest, and from time to time it §
reaches into the storm from whatever realm it calls home,
destroying whatever it can grasp. A mass of tentacles and oc-
casionally an enormous cold eye are all that the beast has
ever been able to manifest in the Underworld, but even
Malfeans are grateful that more has never been forced through.
The Kraken may well be indestructible; even its tentacles are |
remarkably difficult to injure. Luckily, though, it has never
been able to breach the Tempest for more than two turns be:
fore being drawn away again by whatever forces master it.

Mourners

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimi
dation 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 4 f
Fetters: 1 (Not a true Fetter, this takes the form of a single
wraith or living human who calls out to the individual
Mourner)

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Keening 4, Lifeweb 4

Chapter Nine: Drama

~

€ Mourners

Powers: Chaining (See below)
Willpower: 10
Permanent Corpus: 13
Angst: 10
Image: Few things from beyond the Tempest strike fear
into a wraith with the power of the Mourners. These sham-

bling masses bear a superficial resemblance to Ferrymen, but
carry no weapons save the chains looped repeatedly around
their torsos. The Mourners are cloaked entirely in black, but
the fabric of their robes seems to slither around their bodies

by its own power. From the depths of their hoods rises a rum-
bling moan of sorrow, pouring terror into the soul of any wraith
who hears it. Adding to the aura of fear they generate, the
gaunt figures take slow steps, but cover more ground than
should be possible.

Background: From time to time the depths of the Tem-
pest split, disgorging a gathering of Mourners into the
Shadowlands. These figures, while humanoid, bear no fea-
tures to mark that they were ever human. Heavily wrapped
arms stretch out before the shambling shapes as they stumble
down the streets of the Shadowlands, wailing and lament-
ing for all to hear. Much as the legendary Bean-Nighe warned
of death with its scream, the Mourners call out and let ev-
eryone know that someone will be taken before the night is

over. Numbering between five and 20, the Mourners move
relentlessly in search of the one soul they will take, and do
not hesitate to crush any who would stand in their way.
When the travelers finally find their victim, the chains about
their waists move of their own volition to wrap around their
target. Once the unfortunate is captured, the Mourners move
to the closest Nihil and leave the Shadowlands once more.

Perhaps the most serious threat the Mourners offer is
the knowledge that any whom they touch are marked. In
every case in which a wraith has physically struck one of the
Mourners, the screaming nightmares have come back later
to claim that wraith as one of their own. Additionally, sev-
eral wraiths claim that loved ones in the realms of the living
were actually snatched away by the chain-draped monstrosi-
ties. Renegade Alan White of Teaneck, New Jersey, grew
briefly famous for telling the story of the night he awoke to
see the Mourners surrounding his sleeping wife. Though he
could see the creatures clearly, he could not touch them,
and he was helpless to prevent one of them from placing its
hands on his wife's brow. Alan's wife died in her sleep. The
coroner claimed she died of natural causes, but Alan knew
better in life. He argued the point in death as well, at least
until the Mourners came for him.

Roleplaying Hints: It's a tragedy, really. The endless quest
for the one who will free you is almost always fruitless. Some-
day, perhaps the chains will let you go. Until then you must
endure the pain of dying eternally, without the release of death.
Find your victim, the one whose very being calls to you, and
bind him to you. Then you may leave, journeying back into
the great darkness and a brief moment of peace.

Storyteller Notes: The Mourners are forever in pursuit
of the one soul who can free them. However, they have no
idea who that one soul is. They have no leaders; they simply
all know whom they must pursue, and where to go to pursue

him. Mourners seek victims in order of what is in essence
seniority; the other Mourners will seek with the oldest until
she finds her savior. Then the oldest remaining will be af-
forded the same courtesy, and so on.

The Mourners may be used as the start of a long quest
to save a friend, or they may simply remove from play any
Storyteller characters who have outstayed their welcome.
If the Mourners are used against a player character, you are
encouraged to design ways to free him and perhaps to set
this particular group of Mourners free from their endless
imprisonment.

The chains and cloaks of the Mourners are somehow
aware of their surroundings, making it impossible to sneak up
on a Mourner. The chains are as strong as Stygian steel, and
will move on their own to attack the one chosen by the
Mourners. These manacles and chains attack with the same
Dice Pool as the Mourners themselves, and are considered
Strength 10 for purposes of pinning a victim.


Goddam creatures of the night. They never learn.

— Mr. Gideon, The Crow
PN fic Restless Dead share the World of
59) Darkness with many other supernatural
4) beings. Most ignore or are ignorant of the
ghostly doings under their noses. Others,
more aware or open-minded, have at least
scraps of knowledge about the Under-
world and its denizens, and the inclina-
tion to do something with that knowledge. Some are friendly,
others inimical, but all are dangerous enough for wraiths to
be wary of their attentions.

Vampires

Sleek, stylish predators of the living, vampires share with
wraiths the fact that they are dead souls who refuse to rest.
Vampires, however, take a very active hand in the affairs of
the living world, manipulating the course of history down
through the centuries in response to their ancestors' eternal
war for supremacy, called the Jyhad. Younger vampires are
often unaware of this grand puppet show behind the scenes,
and stalk the streets for blood and other thrills; older vam-
pires view industries, cities and even nations as their prey.

A fair number of vampires can, in some form or other,
detect the presence of wraiths by looking at their unliving
auras. The vampire in question must be specifically looking
for wraiths at the time, but once a Restless has been spotted,
he generally can be tracked as well. Some of the vampiric

"clans" and "bloodlines" have powers over and knowledge of

the denizens of the Underworld which surpasses that of most

vampires. The sorcerous Tremere, for example, know
. thaumaturgical rituals that hold sway over even the Restless
. Dead, while both the Venetian-born Giovanni and the re-
pulsive Samedi are students of the art of necromancy.

The mythology of vampirism that has been woven over
the years contains equal parts truth and falsehood. Vampires
do and must fear the sun, open flame and a stake through the

heart, but on the other hand only a bare minimum are af-
fected by garlic or running water, and a well-placed stake im-
mobilizes instead of kills. Holy symbols of any creed or reli-
gion have no power over the so-called Kindred, unless that
icon's wielder possesses True Faith.

Depending upon how recently a vampire has feasted and
what (or whom) she has dined upon, her ability to perform
supernatural feats varies. When they have blood to invest in
their powers, they can move faster than humans, call and con-
trol animals, manifest ESP and all of the other legendary pow-
ers of literary, mythological and cinematic vampirekind.

‘vampire listed as having Puppetry cannot in fact Skinride oth-

Each vampire has a statistic called a Blood Pool, which
functions in the same way that Pathos does for wraiths. Vam-
pires refill their Blood Pools by feeding on animals, humans
and even other vampires, and can use the blood thus obtained
to heal damage or increase their Physical Attributes.
Arcanoi: Vampires have certain powers called Disciplines,
which are similar but not identical to Arcanoi. The Arcanoi
listings for the sample vampires below match vampiric Disci-
plines to those Arcanoi that are most similar. For example, a

ers, but can control their minds. If you wish to be more precise
in your accounting of vampiric Discipline powers, full write-
ups of those abilities can be found in Vampire: The Masquer-
ade and its related sourcebooks. In particular, information on
the Giovanni and Necromancy can be found in the Vampire
Players' Guide and Giovanni Chronicles 2: Blood and Fire.

Neonates: The recently deceased among the Kindred,
neonates rarely have more than a century of unlife under §
their belts. Often rebellious, they are the vampires most likely
to wander into Necropoli, and many have the sort of messy
feeding habits that either create or bring them into conflict
with the Restless.

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 7, Arcanoi 4, Blood Pool 10

Suggested Attributes: Assume minimum ratings of 2 for
all Attributes

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2,
Dodge 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Expression 1, Intimidation 2,
Melee 1, Stealth 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3

Suggested Arcanoi: Puppetry 2, Keening 2, Argos 1

Equipment: Black leather jacket, shades, .22 handgun,
small basement apartment

Elders: More experienced and powerful than neonates,
elders have been vampires for three centuries or more (vam-
pires in the intermediate social stage are called ancillae), and
some are as old as a millennium. Most are the vampiric rulers
of their cities, or at least in positions of considerable power
with regard to both their kind and the mortal world. The Traits §
below are for a typical American elder; European elders tend
to have slightly higher statistics.

Character Creation: Attributes 10/7/5, Abilities 21/13/
9, Backgrounds 12, Willpower 10, Arcanoi 10, Blood Pool 20

Suggested Attributes: Assume minimum ratings of 3 for f
all Attributes

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2,
Dodge 3, Etiquette 4, Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Melee 3,
Occult 2, Stealth 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Suggested Arcanoi: Puppetry 4, Keening 4, Outrage 3,
Pandemonium 3, Argos 1

Equipment: Expensive period clothing, sword cane, en-
tourage of ghoul retainers, chauffeur-driven Rolls Royce
Silver Ghost

Chapter Nine: Drama

A confederation of wizards who achieved vampirism through
dark magic, the Tremere are masters of the vampiric Discipline
of Thaumaturgy. Most also possess the Discipline Auspex, which
allows them to perceive wraiths. Most, if not all, members of this
clan are quite aware of the existence of the Restless, and will
take steps if necessary to ward and guard their homes against
intruding ghosts. The elders of the clan know a ritual called Ward
Versus Spirits, which is a powerful barrier against the Restless.

Character Creation: Attributes 10/5/3, Abilities 17/9/5,
Backgrounds 11, Willpower 9, Arcanoi 7, Blood Pool 12

Suggested Attributes: Tremere have Mental Attributes
of at least 4, with the other Attributes far less important

Suggested Abilities: Tremere should have high ratings
in areas like Occult and Enigmas, and often they have spe-
cialized Knowledges relating to magic, wraiths and other su-
pernatural beings. Otherwise, the above statistics should serve
as a good base for creating a Tremere character.

Suggested Arcanoi: Outrage 4, Puppetry 3, Pandemo-
nium 3, Keening 2, Argos 1, Lifeweb 1

Equipment: Grimoire diskette, laptop computer, conser-
vative business suit, Gold Card

Giovanni

Tight-knit and not very numerous, the Giovanni are nec-
romancers par excellence. Embracing strictly from within their
own mortal family, the Giovanni are both proud and fanati-
cally protective of their heritage. Those Giovanni who are
not Embraced are still often privy to some or all of the family
secrets, often serving as ghouls (see below).

International commerce and the Discipline of Necromancy
are the two studies at which the Giovanni excel. Vampires and
scholars of this clan have been handing down (or refining) knowl-
edge of wraiths for centuries, and no other Kindred know as much
about the Restless. With this in mind, a Giovanni vampire can
make a potent ally for a wraith — or a powerful enemy.

Character Creation: Attributes 10/5/3, Abilities 17/9/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 7, Arcanoi 5, Blood Pool 12

Suggested Attributes: Giovanni vampires usually have
Mental Attributes of at least 4, with secondary focus coming
on Social Attributes. On the other hand, it is very rare for a
Giovanni to have a rating of 1 in any Attribute; the clan
values well-rounded individuals.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2,
Bureaucracy 2, Dodge 1, Etiquette 3, Expression 1, Intimida-
tion 3, Melee 1, Occult 4, Politics 1, Stealth 2, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 3

Suggested Arcanoi: Puppetry 3, Keening 2, Argos 1,
Lifeweb 1

Equipment: Tailored silk suit (Italian design), elegant
handgun, Rolex, flip phone

282 Wraith: The Oblivion

Culled from the ranks of morticians, graverobbers and other
dabblers with the dead, the Samedi are among the most physi-
cally revolting vampires on the face of the planet. Often em-
ployed as bodyguards by wealthy and paranoid Kindred, the
Samedi deal with both Necromancy and their own, specialized
Discipline of Thanatosis (which focuses on rot and other,
Oblivion-friendly actions). Usually genial despite their mon-
strous appearance, Samedi tend to have much less formalized
relations with wraiths than do the Giovanni. A Samedi is much
more likely to converse with a wraith than bind one, though
there have been notable exceptions to this détente of the dead.

_ Character Creation: Attributes 10/5/3, Abilities 21/9/5,
Backgrounds 4, Willpower 9, Arcanoi 6, Blood Pool 10

Suggested Attributes: Samedi usually have Mental At-
tributes of 3 or above. On the other hand, a Samedi must
have an Appearance rating of zero.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 3,
Dodge 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Expression 1, Intimidation 4,
Melee 2, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Suggested Arcanoi: Outrage 3, Puppetry 3, Argos 1,
Lifeweb 1

Equipment: Silk top hat, rust-stained crowbar, can of dis-
infectant, gold pocketwatch, surprisingly large bankroll

Necromancy

A Discipline shared by the grotesque Samedi and the refined
Giovanni, Necromancy is the prime tool vampires have in deal-
ing with the Restless. The effects of the Discipline are as follows:

Level Effect
1 Allows recall of the last thing glimpsed by
= a corpse.

) Allows a Necromancer to summon a wraith.

3 Compels a wraith to obey a Necromancer's
commands.

4 Tiesa wraith toa location in the Shadowlands.

5 Turns a mortal into a wraith temporarily,

leaving his body as a Fetter.

6 Animates a corpse through the insertion of
a Drone into the shell.

7 Allows a vampire to strike a wraith physically
and do normal damage.

8 Permits the exchange of spirits between bodies.

9 Temporarily places a wraith in command of
a freshly dead corpse.

10 Lets a mortal promise service beyond the
grave in exchange for a favor from the
Necromancer.

All Giovanni and most Samedi know at least one level
of Necromancy.


~ chou

Halfway between life and vampirism, ghouls are mortal
creatures — and not just humans — who have been fed vampiric
blood without first being drained themselves. Regular feedings
of Kindred blood can allow ghouls to live indefinitely and ac-
quire some of the vampiric Disciplines. On the other hand,
once her normal lifespan has passed, a ghoul must have vampiric
blood in her system at all times or she will rapidly revert to her
true age and, in all likelihood, crumble to dust.

Suggested Statistics: Ghouls are still mortal, so they should
have statistics similar to those of normal human beings (or dogs,
or cats, or centipedes or whatever). A few extra dots in Physi-
cal Attributes is common for ghouls, and some of the older
ones might possess the equivalent of one or two dots in Arcanoi.

Werewolves

He wears rejection like a

Worn human skin suit

And he sees temptation like

Two hands that strangle love

— Cliffs of Dooneen, "Animal Song (Mary My Mary)"

In the World of Darkness, the forests and wild places have
protectors far deadlier than a cartoon bear in a ranger's hat. For-
ever bound up in a war against those who would despoil the wil-
derness, the Garou (as the werewolves call themselves) give no
quarter to their enemies. With one eye on the spirit realms and
the other on mankind's inexorable advance, the Garou stand be-
tween two worlds, trying desperately to serve as guardians of both.

Far from the only shapechangers on earth, but certainly the
most numerous, the Garou have an oral tradition and history
that dates back thousands of years before humanity's first written
records. Casting themselves as the defenders of Gaia, the Earth
Mother, the Garou punish those who transgress against Her. In-
filtrating the cities as well as guarding the forests, werewolves see
the hand of a being called the Wyrm, a great spirit of destruc-
tion, behind every move made to desecrate Gaia. Garou claim
to be able to sense the "taint" of this great enemy on others, and
use Wyrm-corruption as justification for committing acts of in-
credible violence against those who oppose them.

Modern Garou are divided into 13 tribes that stand against
the Wyrm. A 14th tribe, the Black Spiral Dancers, consists of
Garou who have been corrupted and now serve the Wyrm. As
might be expected, each tribe has its own unique identity and
agenda. The Red Talons tribe, for example, consists entirely of
Garou born to wolves instead of humans, while the Fianna share
aCeltic heritage. A pair of Native American tribes, the Uktena
and Wendigo, (a third Native American tribe, the Croatan,
was destroyed 400 years ago), are yet bitter over the theft of
their lands. The technofetishist Glass Walkers stalk the hall-
ways of corporate power, while the mangy Bone Gnawers rifle
through their garbage for useful information.


Powers: All Garou have a variety of shapes they can as-
sume, ranging from full human (Homid) to horror-movie
wolfman (Crinos), and so on through intermediate forms to
full wolf (Lupus). Always fearsome, Garou are at their most
dangerous in Crinos form. This guise can reach nine feet in
height, and offers incredible strength and stamina.

Garou are capable of healing almost instantly any damage in-
flicted upon them, unless the offending weapon is made from silver.
While they can soak most aggravated damage (though such dam-
age heals slowly), Garou cannot soak damage from silver weapons.

Granted powers called Gifts by natural spirits (some of whom
serve as totems to the 13 tribes), Garou make effective use of
these abilities. The effects of Gifts range from enabling a Garou
to make edible stew from literally anything handy to arts of in-

Oblivion and the \

Occult scholars in the know often confuse
the Wyrm and Oblivion. Admittedly, each is
a tremendous force, and in some ways a per-
sonification of destruction, but that is the only
similarity. The Wyrm is active destruction <
corruption, seeking to tear down all that ex-
ists. It is not content to wait for things to fall
apart; it wishes to drag all down to ruin by the
force of its actions.

Oblivion, on the other hand, is patient,

passive destruction. When things grow old and

falter, as they all inevitably must, then and only
then does Oblivion claim them. Even Spec-
tres, in a very real sense, give themselves to
Oblivion as opposed to being claimed by it.

At the end of all things, when the Wyrm
has destroyed all else, it will seek to destroy
the only thing that remains: itself. By doing
so, it will gift itself to Oblivion.

Some theorists postulate that the Wyrm
and Oblivion are bound in a tight balance, a
sort of yin-yang of destruction, and that as the
Wyrm grew in power Oblivion was forced to
grow to match it and maintain their eternal
equilibrium. However, there is little (if any)
evidence to support this hypothesis, and hard

proof is likely to be hard to come by

Wraith: The Oblivion

credible battle prowess. Werewolf shamans can also bind spirits
into objects, creating Artifact-like devices called fetishes.

With their close ties to the spirit realm, Garou can "step
sideways" and enter the so-called Umbra, or spirit world. As
wraiths dwell in what Garou define as the Dark or Low Umbra,
which most werewolves have tremendous difficulty accessing, it
is rare for a Garou to encounter a wraith on the Restless' home
territory. Indeed, most werewolves have little or no truck with
wraiths at all. The prime exception to this is the tribe known as
the Silent Striders, Garou whose death-lore stretches back to
the dim antiquity of Egypt and Meroe. Wanderers and spirit-
speakers, the Striders know the secrets of reaching the Under-
world and dealing with its denizens, though even the most pow-
erful Garou rarely make the perilous journey. Additionally, many
non-Strider shamans do know Rites and possess Gifts that allow
them to affect wraiths or even to bind them. More information
on the Garou can be found in Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

The sample statistics below are for a Silent Strider capable
of journeying to the Shadowlands. It should be noted that any
werewolf who reaches the Underworld is likely to be quite a
specimen, even for her own remarkable breed.

Character Creation: Attributes 11/7/5, Abilities 21/13/
9, Backgrounds 7, Willpower 7

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 3

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 2,
Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Etiquette 2, Meditation 2, Me-
lee 3, Stealth 3, Enigmas 4, Investigation 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3

Special Rules: Werewolves can shift back and forth between
human and wolf forms. However, they can also assume the nine-
foot wolfman form they call Crinos. In Crinos form, a werewolf adds
three dots to all Physical Attributes, has claws and teeth that do
aggravated damage, can regenerate one Health Level per turn (ex-
cept for damage caused by silver, fire, magic or the teeth and claws of
a supernatural entity), and is immune to Dice Pool penalties for
being wounded. Humans who view one of these nine-foot mon-
sters, or indeed any Garou in Crinos, usually fall into delirious fright.
The effect is called the Delirium, and is quite similar to the Fog.

Silent Striders in Crinos form look much like depictions
of the ancient Egyptian yod Anubis; members of this tribe
often possess supernatural gifts that allow them to travel
quickly and safely to places most people can never reach.

Mages

There's only so much magic to go around, you know that.
Why waste it on a miserable little punk like this?

— Clive Barker, The Thief of Always

The reality of the World of Darkness is not static. Cer-
tain mortals, Awakened individuals collectively known as
mages, can alter the fabric of reality itself in ways subtle or
grandiose. How each of these wonderworkers views wraiths
varies, depending upon the individual wraith and mage in-
volved. However, there are enough mages capable of reach-


SE

ing across the Shroud with their powers that wraiths had best
exercise some civility when dealing with them.

The society of the mages of the world is divided in four, with
each faction battling or allying with the others both on Earth and
in realms undreamed of. Their conflict, called the Ascension War,
concerns nothing less than the spiritual Manifest Destiny of the
entire human race. While the idea of Ascension itself has never
been clearly defined, each of the four factions at war has very defi-
nite ideas about the sort of future it wishes to usher in.

With the exception of the mages called Marauders (all of
whom seem to be certifiably insane), most workers of magick
prefer to be as unspectacular as possible when performing
magickal feats. Conversations wraiths have had with Euthanatos
mages have yielded the notion of something called Paradox,
which can best be described as the static reality of the universe
snapping back to its original form. Most mages fear Paradox,
and seek to avoid its reflexive attentions by making the effects
of their magicks appear coincidental. Showy, or "vulgar,"
magicks run the risk of drawing Paradox down on the careless
mage's-head, to vastly detrimental effect.

Powers: The broad range of powers mages call upon can
create practically any effect. Rather than attempting to shoe-
horn such wild power into Arcanos descriptions, it is often easier
to assume that any mage can accomplish any reasonable effect
desired within her fields of expertise. Giving the effects diffi-
culties from 5 to 8, the Storyteller could determine the power
of the effect achieved from the number of successes rolled.
Botches or even failures could incur Paradox.

Most magick does not inflict aggravated damage. The
exceptions are magicks of fire, electricity and pure eldritch
force (a.k.a. Prime), which inflict aggravated damage if they
score three or more successes (two levels of damage per suc-
cess for every level over the second). Mages should roll two
to six dice when trying to determine the damage of their at-
tacks, depending upon the power of the individual magician.

This system serves as a quick way to integrate mages into a
Wraith chronicle. For more in-depth information on mages and
a full explanation of the magick system that they use, see Mage:
The Ascension. Full details of how each of the various Spheres of
magick affects wraiths can be found in Chapter Nine of that book.

Futhanatos

Numbered among the Traditions, the Euthanatos are death-
mages and reincarnationists. The Tradition's stated aim is to hurry
those who are suffering, or those whose existence is karmically
detrimental, to their next station on the Great Wheel of Being.
Euthanatos euphemistically refer to their work as the "Good
Death"; others see it as murder. However, the Euthanatos gener-
ally don't take time to explain their actions to others.

Most Euthanatos take at least one trip into the Shadowlands
around the time of their initiation. For the vast majority, the one
trip is enough. Others, however, do return on occasion. Unfortu-
nately, Euthanatos mages specialize in Entropy magicks, and any use

of that particular specialty (Sphere, in mage parlance) has interest-
ing effects in a realm where Entropy itself manifests as Oblivion.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/4, Abilities 20/8/5,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 8, Magick Dice Pool 5

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of at least 3 in
Physical Attributes, 2 in Social ones and 4 in Mental.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 1, Awareness 3, Brawl 1,
Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Enigmas 2, Firearms 2, Intimidation 2,
Meditation 1, Occult 3, Stealth 2, Streetwise 1

Suggested Magicks: Entropy (magicks of destruction and 4
decay), Life (magicks of living things), Spirit (allowing con- }
tact with the Restless)

Equipment: Functional black clothing, portable tape re-
corder, ritual accessories, multiple concealable weapons

Dreamspeakers

Also of the Traditions, the Dreamspeakers are more shaman-
istic in their approach to wraiths and other spirits. Drawn from all
over the world, the Dreamspeakers regard the spirit world ina }
manner that bears similarities to the Garou perspective. As such,
while a Dreamspeaker will occasionally deal with wraiths, she will
rarely attempt to bind or destroy one. These masters of Spirit magick
can occasionally visit the Underworld, but they dislike sojourning
to a place where all of the spirits are those of the dead.

Itisa mistake, however, to view the Dreamspeakers as merely
acollection of kindly, harmless rustics. Most members of this Tra-
dition come from societies that have been displaced and plowed §
under by the relentless expansion of European colonization, often
sponsored by the other Traditions or the Technocracy. As such,
there is more than enough rage to go around among the
Dreamspeakers. It is merely a question of whom to direct it against.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/4, Abilities 20/8/5,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 8, Magick Dice Pool 5 y

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of at least 3 in ¥
Physical Attributes, 3 in Social and 3 in Mental.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Brawl 1, Crafts
1, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Enigmas 3, Firearms 1, Intimidation 2,
Medicine 1, Meditation 3, Occult 3, Stealth 2, Streetwise 1

Suggested Magicks: Time (magicks of time and proph- }
ecy), Life (magicks of living things), Spirit (allowing contact
with the Restless)

Equipment: Drum, comfortable clothing, small stash

Void Engineers

Seeking out new things of all stripes, the Void Engineers are
perhaps the wildest spirits remaining among the Technocracy. While
most Technocratic mages seek to lead the Masses to Ascension by
ordering reality (and ghosts have little place in such an ordered
world), the Void Engineers prefer to organize, catalogue and ex-
plore. This can lead the Engineers into conflict with wraiths, as the
Underworld isn't friendly to tourists or surveyors. Also, as the En-
gineers explore the frontiers of perception, they are constantly com-

Chapter Nine: Drama 285

——


ing up with new and exciting ways to perceive the ordinarily im-
perceptible. This, of course, lets them see wraiths and what they're
up to, and the wraiths thus spotted aren't always thrilled that any-
one among the living can keep track of them and their plots.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/4, Abilities 20/8/5,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 8, Magick Dice Pool 5

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 3 in Physical
Attributes, 2 in Social ones and 4 in Mental.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Computer 3,
Drive 3, Enigmas 3, Firearms 3, Investigation 2, Medicine 2,
Repair 4, Science 4, Stealth 2

Suggested Magicks: Forces (magicks of elements), Prime (the
core magick of creation), Spirit (allowing contact with the Restless)

Equipment: Portable Disruptor Cannon (Level 4 Device)
— Fires Prime energy linked to Spirit magicks, allowing it to
disrupt wraiths. Each success on a Dexterity + Firearms roll (pro-
vided the wielder of the cannon can actually see the wraith he's
aiming for) inflicts one level of aggravated Corpus damage. Most
of these devices have 10 charges.

Spirit Goggles (Level 1 Device) — These allow the hunter
wearing them to see into the Shadowlands on a successful
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 4)

Trenchcoat, camera, plastic bags for collecting specimens

qhe Others

Nephandi and Marauders make up the other two factions in
the Ascension War. The Nephandi in particular are of concern to
wraiths, as they serve twisted, monstrous masters who seem to have
many goals in common with Oblivion. Even the most hardened
wraith will find it difficult to stomach working with a Nephandus
once the mage's true goals are revealed. Then again, there are reli-
able witnesses to alliances between Nephandi and Spectres.

Marauders are madness personified, and those who are sane
enough to have goals and linear thought patterns seek to bring that
madness to the rest of creation. Wraiths occasionally get wrapped
up in their bizarre schemes, usually to their detriment, but the Ma-
rauders generally deal more with the living. It's not that theyre un-
aware of the presence of wraiths; indeed, they're more aware than
most. It's just that the wraith population doesn't concern them.

Changelings

There came a woman from the fairy fort

with a Black & Decker

and cut down my quince-tree

—Nuala Nf Dhomhnaill, "As For the Quince"

Fae spirits wrapped in mortal flesh for protection against
the cold winds of mundane existence, changelings are occasion-
ally capable of seeing wraiths. Many changelings are chronologi-
cally young (even if their souls are old), and have not yet surren-
dered to.a consensual reality which says that they can't possibly

286

Wraith: The Oblivion

have seen a ghost. This sort of innocence is particularly com-
mon among the childlings, the youngest changelings. Wilders
and grumps, older examples of the kind, have generally been
touched too heavily by Banality (a sort of Oblivion of the imagi-
nation) to accept the presence of ghosts, even if they once did.

Just as wraiths are driven by Pathos, changelings' unnatu-
ral existences are fueled by Glamour, a refined essence of ex-
pression or creativity. The two can often be garnered from
the same source, and this can lead to either cooperation or
conflict between changelings and wraiths. Practitioners of
Phantasm in particular often run afoul of changelings when
harvesting their precious "sand" — pure dreamstuff — which
can be thought of as another manifestation of Glamour.

Changelings exist in two worlds, the mundane and the
enchanted. The former is workaday existence, and change-
lings wear their mortal guises when moving in it. But with
the application of Glamour, changelings reveal their true
selves, at least to those who are also enchanted and can see
them. Nor does this ensorcelled version of reality restrict it-
self to revealing changelings' true visages; dreams and fears
given form, called chimera, remake the landscape into a riot
of color and fantasy.

Divided into a pair of conflicting Courts (Seelie and
Unseelie), a plethora of noble houses and social distinctions,
and a riot of kith (types of fae), changeling society can prove
to be almost terminally confusing to an outsider. In all likeli-
hood a Seelie changeling is more likely to be friendly than an
Unseelie one, and a noble troll is more likely to be friendly
than a hungry (and omnivorous) redcap, but with change-
lings you never can tell...

Powers: While changeling magic is not necessarily as
powerful as that of mages, it can pack a wallop in its own
right. Often requiring a short ritual or an ingredient or three
toset in motion, changeling cantrips are less about brute force
than they are about trickery, misdirection and personality.
That isn't to say that a cantrip couldn't conceivably have
devastating effects, but rather that a changeling is more likely
to convince an enemy to chase his own tail than to zorch him
with a fireball.

If you don't intend to use the cantrip systems set forth in
Changeling: The Dreaming and the Changeling Players'
Guide, cantrips are most easily handled in a manner similar
to the short version of mage magicks listed above. Change-
lings are immune to the effects of Paradox, but can be trapped
in their own nightmares if their cantrips go wrong.

Cold iron and Banality are the things changelings fear
most. The latter strips Glamour from them and drags them
inexorably into the mundane world, where slowly the memory
of fae existence fades. The former,-though, presents a more
immediate threat. Cold iron inflicts aggravated damage on
changelings, and whereas death by chimerical weapons merely
dumps a changeling back into the "real" world, death from a
cold iron blade is permanent indeed.


Sluagh

Unnerving dwellers in darkness, the sluagh are the gather-
ers of secrets and the speakers to the dead of the changeling world.
Unable to raise their voices above a whisper, and fond of cob-
webs and shadowy corners, the sluagh garner information from
whatever source it may come. They will often trade secrets, but
the kith as a whole places great value on formality and secrecy.

Most sluagh have little quarrel with wraiths, but see them as
superb spies and sources of information. Wraiths, in return, gain
a pair of hands in the Skinlands when they make alliances with
a sluagh. Unseelie members of the kith, however, can demon-
strate a marked sadism, and have been known to torment a
wraith's living Fetters simply for the pain it causes the wraith.

By makinga Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7), sluagh
can see into the Shadowlands (and rumor has it that they prefer
the decor there to that of the Skinlands). With the expenditure
of a point of Glamour, the sluagh can also converse freely with
whatever wraiths are in her vicinity, and on rare occasions wraiths
are even invited to the sluagh ritual of high tea.

Character Creation: Attributes 8/6/4, Abilities 17/13/9,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 7, Glamour 8

Suggested Attributes: Mental Attributes should be at
least 3, as should Manipulation. Other Social Attributes

should be 2 at most, and Dexterity is the most important
Physical Attribute.

=

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Enigmas 3, Etiquette 2, Expression 1, Intimida-
tion 1, Investigation 3, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3

Arts: Legerdemain (Arts of illusion), Soothsay (Arts of
prophecy and knowledge), Chicanery (Arts of misdirection
and trickery)

Mortals

Force of Will

Child, take what I say

With a pinch of salt

And protect yourself with fire
— Kate Bush, "Lily"

ver the centuries, human willpower has

enabled men and women to perform feats
that have often literally defied death.
| Thus, it is no surprise that sheer human
| tenacity and stubbornness, not to men-
tion the odd dose of concentrated will, can
have powerful effects on the dead. Mor-
tals can use their Willpower Trait to act directly against
wraiths, and the effects of this tactic are often astonishing.


Remember always to copy each of the formulae as I have put
it down, and not to change it by one line or dot, not so much as a
hair's breadth, lest it be rendered valueless, or worse: a broken line
provides entrance for those Outside, for a broken star is the Gate
of GANZIR, the Gate of Death, the Gate of the Shadows. {

— Abdul al-Hazred, The Necronomicon

From tar on the doorposts of Classical Athens to modern
arrangements of crystals, humanity has long experimented
with hundreds of different ways to keep unwanted ghosts out.
In older times, pennies on the eyes of corpses or rusty nails
over doorways did actually serve to ward off unwelcome
wraiths, but as belief in these methods faded, so did their ef-
fectiveness. Still, the power of the old ways isn't entirely gone
for those who have the Willpower to make them work.

Belief and knowledge are equally important components
of any warding procedure. The mortal performing the ritual of
warding must have sufficient knowledge of the subject matter
at hand (Occult 3 or higher), and a firm belief that what she is
doing will work. The most well-educated skeptic will not be
able to ward a site, no matter how letter-perfect her ritual is.
She simply won't be able to bring herself to invest Willpower
in something that she knows, deep down, can't possibly work.

There are two types of defenses one can make against
wraiths. Active ones are collectively known as Forbiddances,
while passive ones are called Wards.

Forbiddance

Along the lines of the classical exorcism, a Forbiddance ac-
tively drives a wraith from a haunted area. The mortal doing the
Forbidding, while performing an appropriate ritual (the classic
bell, book and candle works well), rolls Willpower (difficulty 7).
Unless a wraith in the area spends one Willpower per success on
the Forbiddance roll, he is immediately driven from the site.
However, the wraith can resist the Forbiddance in progress
through the use of appropriate Arcanoi. In that case, the roll is
an opposed roll between the Forbiddance and the Arcanos.

A wraith who is the object of a Forbiddance must leave
the affected area as soon as possible, but as soon as the exorcist's
back is turned, he can return. Still, Forbiddance can buy
haunted individuals some temporary relief, as well as time for
more permanent measures to be taken.

Wards

Forbiddance serves to exile wraiths already in residence;
wards keep them from ever entering a place. Always centered
around some sort of focus (incense, a chalk circle, etc.), wards
are protective and preventative, rather than active, measures.
By taking a focus and centering a ward on it, a mortal can
erect a barrier blocking wraiths from entering a room, a build-
ing or, in a very few cases, even an entire city.

Wraith: The Oblivion

# of Successes

Duration
1 hour
1 da
1 week
1 month

nonths

When setting up a ward, the mortal creating the shield must
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) and spend at least one point of
temporary Willpower. The number of successes indicates how long
the ward lasts, though the investment of a point of permanent Will-
power can extend a ward's duration by months or even years.

The permanent Willpower score of the mortal raising the
ward is the difficulty for any wraith attempting even to pen-
etrate the perimeter of the warded area. To make the attempt,
the wraith must roll her Willpower and achieve a number of
successes equal to the number rolled by the mortal who raised
the ward. A botch can permanently bar a wraith from entrance,
and Arcanoi cannot be used from outside a warded area to af-
fect someone inside a ward. Once a ward has been breached,
the Shroud inside the warded area is considered to be 2 higher
than normal, but wraiths can function normally there.

In the Shadowlands, warded areas appear to be cloaked in
domes of grayish-white light. These domes appear solid,
though close observation can often discern cracks or weak
spots which an enterprising wraith can attempt to slip through.
Otherwise, though, the ward is solid in the Shadowlands, and
can be touched, leaned against and otherwise felt.

Wards do need to be renewed, though there are techniques for
making these p8ychic barriers longer-lived or even permanent.
An old ward must be taken down for a new one to be raised, and
during these few moments of vulnerability, wraiths often attempt
to disrupt wardings or attack the human responsible for the ritual.
If a wraith successfully attacks the focus of a warding (break-
ing the circle, blowing out the candle, scattering the incense),
the ward will immediately collapse. On the other hand, wise
exorcists often leave psychic booby traps for wraiths who are
too eager to wait for the ward to come down naturally.

Seeing the Dead

Most mortals can't see wraiths at all. They only get vague
impressions of ghostly presences when they're tired, drunk,
injured or otherwise not quite themselves. This is both a bless-
ing and a curse to wraiths, who are usually thankful that they
pass through the mortal world unseen, but who occasionally
wish that vision could pierce the Shroud. Even wraiths who
actively wish to be seen (say, to deliver a warning) are often
just not visible to those to whom they wish to speak.

innocence

Innocence is a rare thing in our world as well as the World
of Darkness. Nearly extinct in anyone over the age of 12, it
still can be found in children, even in a world haunted and
ensorcelled. Innocence can last in children until experience
and knowledge of unhappiness strip it away, but it can confer
some benefits while it lasts.

On rare occasions, the truly innocent can see and even
converse with wraiths moving in the Shadowlands. These
moments always occur at night, usually when the innocent is
alone, and generally when the mortal isn't actively concen-
trating on anything specific. To determine if an innocent sees
awraith, the Storyteller rolls the child's Perception (difficulty
6). Success indicates that the child sees the wraith; three or
more successes allows the two to converse.

Most innocents will not react to the presence of a wraith
with fear, save those wraiths or Spectres who are deliberately
attempting to terrify. Part of the nature of innocence is a lack
of understanding of death; the wraiths an innocent sees are
just more people in her life who happen to look different, and
whom no one else can talk to. Many wraiths, desperate for
contact with the living, will spend long hours in conversa-
tion with children, sometimes even helping them or serving
as "imaginary friends."

Innocents can also forbid wraiths to approach them with-
out the trappings of a full Forbiddance or Warding. Just tell-
ing a wraith to "Go away!" or "Leave me alone!" is often
enough, when the force of childish will is behind the com-
mand, to banish an unsuspecting wraith.

Note: Children are not the only innocents, even in the
World of Darkness. Insanity or extremely sheltered upbring-
ing can produce innocence in others. Malkavian vampires,
however, even in the depths of their insanity, are far from
innocent.

The Benandanti

Children born with intact Cauls, the Benandanti are those
few souls capable of seeing and even traveling to the Under-
world while yet living. Based more on a mentor (sapienza)/
disciple (novizio) system than any formal organization, the
Benandanti meet at gatherings called Raduni to debate, dis-
cuss and dispute the nature of wraiths themselves.

While most of the superstitions concerning the
Benandanti are not true, a member of the group does have
certain supernatural abilities so long as part of his birth Caul
is in his possession. Benandanti can see into the Shadowlands
at all times, and are capable of occasional travel into the
Underworld at night. Benandanti trapped away from their
bodies at dawn fall into comas, which cannot be broken until
the wandering spirits come home. Sometimes this takes years,
sometimes it never happens at all.

In addition, the legendary fennel swords of the §
Benandanti are quite real, and can strike wraiths from the
Skinlands. When Benandanti die and become wraiths (as
many ironically do), they usually cross the Shroud with these {
weapons, as well as a host of other relics and even Artifacts.
In the Underworld, fennel swords are extremely valuable Ar-
tifacts, capable of shattering most blades they cross.

The Benandanti are not unified in their perception of
wraiths. The Dannati, who believe that wraiths are damned
souls that cry out for destruction, and the Redentori, who seek
to encourage wraiths to move beyond ghostly existence, are
the two largest factions of the group, but there are literally 9
dozens of others. Each is fanatical about its own take on the @/
situation, and debates in Raduni can intensify to the point of §
violence. ay,

Benandanti are rare enough that most wraiths have never
seen one, but a member of the group can be sniffed out easily
by a wraith with Castigate, as Benandanti diving into the |
Underworld have in essence no Shadow. Benandanti who
make repeated trips to the Underworld, however, or who are
stranded there, rapidly become indistinguishable from wraiths.

Supposedly, the Ladies of Fate are working in tandem
with a small group of Benandanti, a maneuver which has up-
set the other Deathlords to no end. Most Benandanti wraiths
align themselves neatly with Heretic or, more rarely, Ren-
egade groups, and by working with the Benandanti, the Seven
Deathlords say, the Ladies of Fate are simply arming the en-
emy. To date, no reply to this charge has been made.

qhe Orphic Circle

A select group of 300 beings who study death and its vari-
ous states, the Orphics number among their ranks mortals, }
mages, vampires and even wraiths. Mystically bound not to }
reveal the secrets of the Circle to any outsider, the Orphics
study death in an attempt to understand its true nature. Ev-
ery tool imaginable, from sojourns in the Underworld to drug-
induced trances to sacrifices of the living and the dead, is put Jf
to use in the quest for this ultimate knowledge. Many of the
members are aware of the natures of their fellows, as it is far }
more likely for a Circle member to know of another member's
work than whether she might be mortal, mage or vampire.

Ruled by a collection of nine priests and priestesses called
the Ebon Bench, the Circle looks to the legendary Orpheus
as the source for its rites and ideals. The bard's journey to the
Underworld to retrieve his beloved Eurydice has become trans-
formed in the Circle's understanding to a vampire's sojourn
in the Deadlands on a quest to understand the secrets of life
and death. A board of 10, calling itself Kerberos, is in charge
of the enlistment and vetting of new members, while two fac-
tions, the Orgiophontes (a male-dominated, rather conserva-
tive priesthood) and the Dikeia (female-dominated and in
favor of returning to the Circle's Maenadic roots), struggle

Chapter Nine: Drama 289

for control of the Circle's direction. At the moment, the Dikeia
control four seats on the Ebon Bench, and each side is mar-
shaling allies both living and Restless.

Most of the Circle's interactions with non-member
wraiths come in the spring, during the Great Festival in the
Pindus Mountains of Greece. A week-long bacchanal of pure
abandon, the Festival serves as a magnet for Skinriders. These
sensation-seekers are often given the hosts they wish — if
they agree to take part in certain of the Circle's experiments.
Few wraiths hesitate to make the bargain, at least at first.

Of all of the organizations that deal with the dead, the
Orphic Circle most assuredly has the best understanding of
wraith society. No doubt the wraiths who are Circle members
have been able to clear up a great many misconceptions that
other groups hold about their kind. This accurate knowledge
in the hands of a band of mortals and other, more powerful
beings displeases the Hierarchy greatly, and that august body
has begun to bend its efforts toward dismantling the Circle.

While the Circle's stated aim is hardly innocent, there
are other, darker rumblings about what the Ebon Bench's real
agenda might be. The most persistent is that the Circle is
planning to drop the Shroud somehow to ring in the millen-
nium, ushering a new age of coexistence of life and death,
Part and parcel with these rumors are the Circle's dealings
with the eternal being known as Diké (pronounced DEE-kay),
whom Circle members see as a judge of the dead.

The Arcanum

Less of a hunter organization and more of a sort of super-
natural NSA, the Arcanum as a whole is interested only in knowl-
edge of the supernatural. Individual members might well have
their own plans for what to do with that data, but the Arcanum
casts itself as a repository of knowledge and nothing more.

Ueno

Founded in the late 1880s, the Arcanum has chapter houses
all over the world, but bases its efforts at its Boston, London and
Washington D.C. chapter houses. As firmly placed in the shad-
owsas its subjects of study, the Arcanum focuses not only on wraiths,
but also on vampires, werewolves, fae, mages, cattle mutilations,
Loch Ness Monster sightings and any other incidents thatso much
as hint of the supernatural. However, this doesn't mean that the
Arcanum's scholars and researchers are gullible or foolish. Instead,
they simply refuse to discount any potential source of information,
no matter how outré it might seem.

A century of this sort of open-minded information gath-
ering has produced the largest collection of occult informa-
tion on the planet, as well as a surprisingly accurate picture of
Underworld cosmology, geography and politics. However, the
Arcanum's researching strength is also its weakness, as the
truths the group has gathered are caught up in a morass of
half-truths, partial truths and flat-out lies about wraithly ex-
istence. The organization does have a sizeable number of im-
prisoned wraiths (mostly Drones) forced into manifestations;
the collection is justifiably famous in occult circles.

Immortality is a pet project of many Arcanum scholars,
several of whom have extended their lifespans for centuries
through the use of various elixirs. Wraiths are, of course, a fo-
cus of this sort of research, and as time winds down for certain
Arcanum elders, the urgency of such research increases dra-
matically. To date the most successful experiments have been
conducted by one Jonathan Kelvin, youngest of the Arcanum's
original founders. Kelvin's work involves extracting Pathos from
trapped wraiths and psychically injecting it into living humans,
mostly derelicts lured into the experiment by the promise of a
hot meal and a warm bed. Should those experiments ever suc-
ceed (at the moment the procedure still has a 100% casualty
rate), it is a certainty that the Arcanum, and perhaps other
organizations, will start looking across the Shroud and seeing
wraiths as nothing more than a resource to be exploited.

290


Afterword

Afterword...after words...afterwards. I can't believe it's
over, but my part in Wraith: The Oblivion 2nd Edition is
just about done. Even the pesky page XXs are being hunted
down and exterminated, and I think I've caught most of the
errors that I accidentally inserted myself. Only posterity, and
you, will be able to tell, and I suspect you'll be letting me
know if I missed anything.

So now it's come time for me to write an afterword for
the book that's been the centerpiece of my existence for the
past six months or so. This is the moment when I'm supposed
to summon up the last of my fading reserves of wit and self-
possession, and write something pithy about the process by
which Wraith 2nd came to be.

I'd rather not do that. Wraith has traveled a long and
difficult road, steered by many and divers hands. It's had some
triumphs and some, well, less than triumphant moments. It's
weathered storms and crises and a lot of human pain, not to
mentioh a malevolent, creative curse which I don't really
believe in but which I could swear is peeking over my left
shoulder as I write this. Now is not the time for kicking up my
heels in celebration of the great work's end, but rather the
moment when I can really appreciate how lucky | am to have
gotten the chance to do this. 20 years from now I'll be able to
take a dog-eared copy of this book off the shelf, show it to my

Psyche:
- Shadowguide Player:

A

Thorns
| oo0o000

| Psyche Willpower

O0000

qha oplivier

Angst

onDoOgobooooo0

hypothetical children and say, "I did this." These days, very § i
few people get a chance to create something that might last.

So what is there to say? Only that I'm proud of my work
on this project, and I'm proud to have worked with everyone
else who helped create this. That means everyone from the
original creators of the game down through the freelancers
whose first professional assignment was helping to re-create
Wraith. There's a lot of passion that went into this book, quite
literally from around the world, and I think that the dedica-
tion, talent and effort of those who created it are clearly evi- 4/7
dent.

In any case, here it is, cranky and newborn. The book
you hold in your hands is the product of a lot of late nights
and early mornings. It's been raised on far too much caffeine
and junk food, not to mention a surfeit of Lovecraft and
Blackwood and M.R. James. A lot of people have fussed over
it and helped out with the delivery, and the general consen-
sus is that even if the kid is a little weird looking, he's going
to turn out all right.

In other words, it's time to shove the metaphors. What
you've got in your hands is a good game. Play it. Enjoy it.
Maybe even tell your friends about something your character
did that you're so damned proud of that you want to share it.
I can think of no higher praise for the many people who have
combined their skills and efforts for this book than that.

Richard E. Dansky

) 0 W

Archetype:

Dark Passions
O0000

00000

4 Strength, @O0000 Charisma

"| Dexterity.
Stamina.

\ G] Athletics,
i Awareness.

Talents

qha osbiylor
Nature:
Demeanor:

Attributes
Social
@0000 Perception.

@0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence.
@O000 Appearance. @0000 Wits.

Abilities
skills

Crafts. OOOOO Bureaucracy.
Drive. OOOO0O Computer.
Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas
Firearms. OOOOO Investigation.
Leadership. OOOOO Law.
Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics.
Melee. OOOOO Medicine.
Performance. OO0O0O0O Occult
Repair. OOOOO Politics
Stealth, OOOOO Science.

Mental

Knoedge

00000 |
00000
00000

00000 |

OOO000
00000

OOO0O00 >»

00000 |
00000

OOOOO —

Passions

00000 |

00000 |

00000

00000 |

00000

OO0000

O000000000
QO00000000

00000
00000
OOOO0O
00000
OOO00O0
OO0000
00000

OQO00000000

00000 |

Index

A

Abilities 99, 119
Knowledges 124
Bureaucracy 124
Computer 124
Enigmas 125
Investigation 125
Law 126
Linguistics 126
Medicine 126
Occult 127
Politics 127
Science 127
Skills 121
Crafts 122
Drive 122
Etiquette 122
"Firearms 123
Leadership 123
Meditation 123
Melee 123
Performance 123
Repair 124
Stealth 124
Talents 119
Alertness 119
Athletics 119
Awareness 119
Brawl 120
Dodge 120
Empathy 120
Expression 120
Intimidation 120
Streetwise 121
Subterfuge 121
Action Scenes 247
Actions 82
Extended 84
Multiple 84, 247
Multiple Attempts 85
Resisted 84
Taking 248
Teamwork 85
Advantages 99
Afterword 291
Angst 169, 174
Gaining/Losing 175
Antagonists 205, 270
Appearance 101
Arcanoi 133
Alternate Arts 133
Botches 134
Arcanos Markings 134
Archetypes 97, 112
Argos 136
Botches 136
Enshroud 137
Flicker 137
Jump 137

Orienteering 136
Oubliette 137
Phantom Wings 137
Tempest Threshold 137
Tempestpeek 137
Armor 262
Ratings Chart 262
Artifacts 45
Artificers 144
Attack 257
Attributes 98, 116
Mental 118
Intelligence 118
Perception 118
Wits 119
Physical 116
Dexterity 116
Stamina 116
Strength 116
Social 117
Appearance 118
Charisma 117
Manipulation 117
Attunement 135

B

Backgrounds 99, 127
Allies 128
Artifacts 128
Contacts 128
Eidolon 129
Haunt 129
Legacy 130
Memoriam 131
Mentor 131
Notoriety 131
Relic 132
Status 132

Barghests 52, 275

Being 272

Brawling Chart 263

Brawling Complications 260

Byways 36

(©

Castigate 138
Botches 138
Bulwark 138
Coax 139
Dark Secrets 138
Defiance 139
Housecleaning 139
Purify 139,
Soulsight 138

Catharsis 176
Rules176

Chains 46

Chanteurs 146

Character Creation 93
Chart 100
Shadow 166

Character Development 226

Character Sheet 292
Sample 103

Charon 60
Charon's Law 52
Chronicle 204
Endings 221
Chronicle Concepts 207
Circles 47, 102
Citadels 40
Coldheart 71
Combat 233, 256
Complications 258
Summary 263
Conflict 211
Corpus 132
Corpus, Permanent 133, 232
Corpus States 232
Corpus, Temporary 133
Creatures of the Night 281
Changelings 286
Ghouls 283
Mages 284
Dreamspeakers 285
Euthanatos 285
Void Engineers 285
Vampires 281
Giovanni 282
Samedi 282
Tremere 282
Werewolves 283
Crossover 215

D

Damage 232
Aggravated 232
Normal 232
Dark Arcanoi 272
Dark Kingdoms 39
Dark Passions 170, 180
Creation 170
Death 235
Deathlords 43
Deathmarks 46
Decree of the Breaking, The 55
Dice Pool 81
Splitting 84
Dictum Mortuum, The 68
Difficulty 83
Dodging 257
Domains 39
Dramatic Systems 248
Mental 254
Dream Interpretation 254
Research 255
Search 255
Track 255

Physical 248
Climbing 248
Feats of Strength 249
Hotwiring 249
Jumping 250
Pursuit 250
Repair 250
Shadowing 251
Sneaking 251
Stunt Driving 251

Social 252
Credibility 252
Fast-Talk 252
Interrogation 252
Oration 253
Performances 254
Seduction 254

Drones 43

E

Embody 140

Botches 140

Ghostly Touch 140

Life-in-Death 141

Maintain the Material Form 141

Materialize 141

Phantom 141

Statue 141

Whispers 140
Example of Character Creation 102
Example of Play 265, 269
Example of Shadow Creation 173
Experience Points 226

Chart 228

Shadow Experience 231

Chart 231

F

Falling 234
Far Shores, The 38
Fatalism 142
Botches 142
Fatal Vision 143
Foreshadow 143
Guesswork 143
Interpretation 143
Kismet 142
Luck 143
Ferrymen 57, 61
Oath of the, 62
Fetters 41, 101, 216, 230
Losing 230
Resolving 231
Fire 234
Firefight Complications 258
Fishers, The 67
Flaying, The 71
Fog, The 240
Chart 241
Forbiddance 288
Freebie Points 101
Chart 101
Shadow 170
Chart 170

G

Golden Rule, The 80

Gorool 75

Guilds, The 53, 68
Breaking, The 54
Lesser Guilds 57
Listing 58
War of the Guilds 53

H

Harbingers 136
Harrowings 183
and Angst 175
Cosmology 184
Destruction 188
Escape 185
Extended 189
Group 189
Storytelling 218
Recommended Techniques 220
Systems and Targets 186
Targeted 186
Haunters 154
Haunts 35
Healing 232
Heretics 47, 49, 69
Notable Cults 50
Hierarchy, The 48, 50, 68
Judiciary 52
Sentencing and Punishment 52
Historia Popularis Stygiae 59
Holocaust, The 74
Horror, Terror and Fear 200
Horses of the Dead 67

I

Inhabit 144
Botches 144
Claim 145
Empower 145
Gremlinize 145
Ride the Electron Highway 144
Sense Gremlin 144
Shellride 144
Surge 144
Initiative 248, 257
Injury 231
Sources 233

K

Keening 146
Ballad 146
Botches 146
Crescendo 147
Dirge 146
Muse 147
Perfect Pitch 146
Requiem 147
Sotto Voce 146

L

Labyrinth, The 36, 61
Lady of Fate 60
Legion Ranks 51
Anacreon 51
Centurion 51
Legionnaire 51
Marshal 51
Overlord 51
Regent 51
Legions, The 51

Listing 51
Lexicon 24, 86
Lifeweb 148

Botches 148

Locate Fetter 148

Sense Strand 148

Sever Strand 149

Soul Pact 149

Splice Strand 149

Web Presence 148
Live-Action 20

Rules 20
Lux Veritas 64

M

Maelstroms .
37, 65, 68, 71, 74, 75, 234
Maneuver Creation 262
Masks 46
Masquers 150
Melee Complications 259
Metaphysics 41
Midnight Express, The 40
Moliate 150
Bodyshape 151
Botches 150
Glow 150
Imitate 150
Martialry 151
Rend 151
Return of Death's Visage 150
Sculpt 151
Monitors 148
Mood 203

N

Necropoli 39, 72
Nhudri 62
Nihils 36

oO

Oblivion 32

Oboli 46

Oracles 142

Outrage 152
Botches 152
Death's Touch 152
Leap of Rage 152
Obliviate 153
Ping 152
Stonehand Punch 152
Wraithgrasp 152

Pr

Pandemonium 154
Befuddlement 154
Botches 154
Dark Ether 154
Foul Humour 155
Sense Chaos 154
Tempus Fugit 155
Weirdness 154

Pardoners 138
Passions 41, 100, 216, 229
Losing 229
Resolution 229
Pathos 101
Perceptions 236
Phantasm 156
Agon 157
Botches 156
Dreams of Sleep 157
Elysia 156
Lucidity 156
Phantasmagoria 157
Sleepsense 156
Sudden Movement 158
Plasmics 276
Ailerons 277
Cerements 278
Kraken 279
Mourners 279
Shroudrippers 278
Tindelhounds 276
Prelude 105
Proclamation of Reason 70
Proctors 140
Props 203
Puppeteers 158
Puppetry 158
Botches 158
Detect Possession 158
Master's Voice 158
Obliterate the Soul 159
Rein in the Mind 159
Skinride 158
Sudden Movement 158

Q

Quick, The 235, 287
Arcanum, The 290
Benandanti 289
Orphic Circle, The 290

R

Reapers 43
Relics 44
Renegades 47, 48, 64
Notable Gangs 48
Resolution 257
Restless, The 40
Domems 43
Enfants 42
Gaunts 43
Lemures 43
Status and Society 42
Factions 47
River of Death, The 37
Rolling Dice 81
Example Rolls 86
Romance 202
Rule of Ouch, The 232

Ss

Sandmen 156

Scenes 246

Setting 32

Shade Powers 272

Shadow Sheet 291
Sample 174

Shadow, The 23, 165
and Eidolon 180
Archetypes 166

Shadowguiding 19, 166, 177, 180
Dos and Don'ts 180
Responsibilities 177
Techniques 178
Temptations 178
Variations 181

Shadowlands, The 35

Shroud 35, 240
Chart 240

Soaking 258

Soulforged Goods 44

Soulforging 66

Souls 33, 44
Trading In 33

Special Maneuvers 261

Specialties 112

Specialty 98

Spectres 58, 270
Doppelgangers 270
Malfeans 275
Mortwights 274
Nephwracks 275
Shades 271
Striplings 274

Spooks 152

Story 210

Storyteller 196

Storytelling
Advanced Techniques 213

Stygia 36, 63

Stygian Steel 234

Successes 83
Automatic 84

Sundering, The 60

ty

Tempest, The 36

Themes 199

Thorns 170, 182
Aura of Corruption 171
Bad Luck 172
Dark Allies 170
Death's Sigil 171
Devil's Dare 173
Freudian Slip 173
Infamy 170
Pact of Doom 171
Shadow Call 171
Shadow Familiar 173
Shadow Life 173

Shadow Traits 171
Shadowed Face 172
Shadowplay 172
Spectre Prestige 170
Tainted Relic 170
Tainted Touch 172
Trick of the Light 172
Thralls 43, 72
Time 81
Tragedy 200
Traits 111
Ratings 82
Transcendence 236
Turns 246

U

Underworld, The 21, 3
Construction 34

Usurers 160

Usury 160
Assessment 160
Botches 160
Charitable Trust 161
Early Withdrawal 161
Exchange Rate 161
Investment 161
Transfer 160

x
Veinous Stair, The 38
Ww

Warding 288

Wards 288

Weapons
Firearms 261
Melee 260

Willpower 101

Wraith Characteristics 22
Deathsight 22
Insubstantiality 23
Lifesight 22
Sharpened Senses 23

Wraiths 21

v -

THE STORYTELLING GAME OF "PASSION | AND. HORROR
~ SECONDéEDITION \-"Z iY
\\ © THIS ISN'T HEAVEN. ' a Z
THIS ISN'T HELL. ‘ i .
THIS ISN'T ANYTHING.YOU COULD HAVE IMAGINED. DEATH WASN' T THE END. ‘ i
: DEATH WASN' i THE ANSWER. ¢ i
j / DEATH WAS JUST THE BEGINNING. ef
[ewe he Ye
( om of ‘so witht DO‘ YOU DO? //
DO YOU LISTEN TO THE VOICE INSIDE YOUR Las \ A
HEAD TELLING YOU jusT TO' LET GO?_ ORDO ¥ou. STILL FIGHT, .
® So LOVE, / an
" e 6 i"
\ », STILL FEEL jTHE PASSION
y ' AT WON'T me Pa REST?
Fred
Nopiivion' Ss 'THE OSG WAY gur.
. LIFE AFTER ae Is: HARD. /
j
\cHOOSE? Ce vs
‘ b Lan
YOU HAVE ETERNITY TQ ar THE 7 LTS : ;
Wralttu: THE OBLIVION"
It's NOT ABOUT DEATH.
It's ABOUT watt — AFTER.
yf pS 2
i 2. ‘ Lot
* . wa.
em" "780: Park,Nortl'Blvd

sy Suite 100, Clarkstorty dy i,

5 "ee - y ,
Geortia 30025, USA " M be
www. white wolf, cont} ~

a a Be
