# File: Wrath Players Kit.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Wraith Players Ki

The brisk fond lackey to fetch and carry,
The true, sick-hearted slave,
Expect him not in the just city
And free land of the grave

BE 0)

by Sam Chupp, Zhonni Perchalski and jenrifer Hartshorn
Scanned By: Ahkren

Written by: Sam Chupp, Jennifer Hartshorn and Zjonni
Perchalski

Additional Material by:

Developed by: Jennifer Hartshorn

Brian Campbell

Edited by: Brian Campbell, Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: John Cobb, Richard Thomas, Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook, Drew Tucker

Front Cover: Henry Higgenbotham, Robert Dixon

Crossing alone the nighted ferry
With the one coin for fee,
Whom, on the wharf of Lethe waiting,
Count you to find? Not me.

ssing Alone the Nighted Ferry", A.E, Housman

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
ir MIN., Gh 30083

8007

CANE STUDIO

) 1994 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction without
written permission of the publisher is expressly denied, except for the
purpose of reviews. Wraith: the Oblivion, Wraith Pla Vam-

ire: the Masquerade, Werewolf: the Apoc
rks and copyrights of White Wolf

or produ

n of or reference to any compa

hts concerned,

Special Thanks to:

Rich "Sherlock" Thomas, for tracking down the missing
Jyhad art.

Aileen "Miles Away" Miles, for finally taking a long over-
due v:

Il "The Other Hothead" Snelly, for being the other
one with a passion for Paisan.

ion,

Kathy "Double Agent" Ryan, for possessing both an En-
glish and an Art degree.

Chris "Cameron's Pimple" McDonough, for Illuminating
the walls outside the ghetto.

Josh "Goooob!" Timbrook, for goobin' all over the anime
festival.

Rob "Quiet One" Dixon. ..it's always the quiet ones...

Matt "Perfect Angel" Milt r, for not doing anything
degrading enough to earn a special thanks.

Players Kit

Wraith Character
eneration Claritica

How long til my soul gets it right?

— Indigo Girls,"Galileo"

etters and Haunts

etters are people, places and things that con-
tinue to link a wraith to the world of the liv-
ing. When a character is ata Fetter, the diffi-

culty to use an Arcanos is reduced. The player

rolls versus the applicable Fetter rating; each
success reduces the difficulty of all Arcanos
for that scene by 1. The minimum possible
difficulty is 4, including all modifiers. Fetters can include the grave
thin

life (lovers, relatives, enemies or anyone else to whom the char-

or body of the wraith, people who were important to the wre

acter had a particularly strong emotional attachment), things that
were important to her (the gun of a cop or gangster, the laptop
computer of a writer or the shot glass of an alcoholic) or areas
: she died). Note that a place ce
both a Fetter and a Haunt, but a Haunt can contain a Fetter.

(such as the place whe not be

For example, Joey's Haunt is the pool hall (a Level 1 Haunt)
he visited every Tuesday night, right up to the night a gang fight
resulted in his death and the death of his five of his friends. The
pool hall closed as the result of the deaths and has since become

Joey's Haunt. If his girlfriend Vanessa (a two-point Fetter) v
into the abandoned pool hall, his difficulty to use Arcanos could
be reduced up to three levels (one for the Haunt level, two for the
level of the Fetter). If Van

generally be reduced by only one.

1 wasn't there, the difficulty would

Fetters can be destroyed. If a Fetter is completely destroyed,
it no longer functions. For example, it is impossible to start out

g 2 Wraith: The Oblivion

with a Fetter of "destroyed body: 4" if you were cremated and your
ashes were scattered across the Atlantic Ocean, While you might
not immediately know what all of your Fetters are, you can find
them by using Lifeweb or simply tracking them down, If all of a

character's Fetters are destroyed, he will be unable to return to the

Jowlands should he ever leave. Relics are made from destroyed

items; therefore, relics cannot be Fetters. It's difficult fora wraith
to carry his Fetters with him if he's not materialized,

Note that Fetters
point F

‘an range from one to five points; a five-

tter is tremendously powerful and has an e

reme emo-
tional value. Few people in this cynical day and age have any-
thing that the
are ranked from one to three points. Four-point Fetters are un-

care that deeply about, which is why most Fetters

usual, and five-point Fetters are extremely rare. Similarly, there
are only a few level five Haunts in the world. Most wraiths will
have one- or two-point Haunts.

Passions

Passions are the "reasons to live" that each wraith h:

They

are vital toa wraith's continued existence, for without Passions, it

is difficult to regain Pathos, and without Pathos, it is impossible
for wraiths to use any of their Arcanos. While it is tricky to work
out just the right Passions for a given character, they can help you
to define who the character is better than any other trait. You
must justify why your character continues to defy death. The three
parts of any P;
cusing emotion ("Love") and the rating (3). By combining thi
parts, you define what is important to that character. For example,
the Passion above would be listed as "Protect Vanessa (Love) 3".

ion are the purpose ("Protect Vanessa"), the fo-

e

To regain Pathos, the player rolls a number of dice equal to
the rating of the Passion (in this case, 3). The difficulty depends
on how specifically the character is following that Passion. For

8 CO te Se

7 Secu


"Protect Vanessa (Love)
3", used his Embody Arcanos to warn Vanessa that a fire had started
in the basement of her apartment building, the Storyteller might
rule that, because a purpose has been specifically addressed, the
difficulty would be 6. On the other hand, if Joey used the Casti-
gate Arcanos to drive out a Spectre who was skinriding someone
on a street near Vane:
Vanessa was not in any immediate danger.

a's house, the difficulty would be 7, as

The Storyteller may allow a Pathos roll ifthe situation in the
scene is similar to the Passion. The difficulty is still 7. For in-
stance, Joey might be allow
someone else's girlfriend or just helping Vanessa (as long as the

1a Pathos roll if he was protecting

scene was suitably dramatic). Storytellers who feel uncomfortable
with this option or who are petitioned too often for this type of
Pathos roll may, of course, disregard it. The Storyteller calls for
Pathos rolls, not the player.

A wraith can also regain Pathos by drawing upon the emo-
tion underlying a Pe
emotion from someone in the real world or witness a real mani-
festation of that feeling. The difficulty for this roll is 8. For in-
stance, the Passion "Protect Vanessa (Love)" is motivated by love.

sion. The wraith must either evoke that

If Joey had a scene in which he was able to help Vanessa remem-
ber the love she felt for him, the player could then roll for Pathos.
If he later witnessed a love scene between two mortals, he would
be able to gain Pathos from that scene as well. The Storyteller
must judge whether the scene is sincere (going to a screening of
Romeo and Juliet won't cut it)

Finally, the Arcanos: Keening can evoke certain emotions
from mortals. The difficulty for gaining Pathos via this method is
9, Feigned or insincere emotions will not give Pathos. If another

character in Joey's Ci

cle pretends to really, really love the pi:

he's eating, it still won't give Joey Pathos.

Type of Scene Difficulty
Scene specifically addressing a purpose 6
Scene generally addressing a purpose 7
Evoking or witnessing an underlying pasion 8

Evoking emotion with the Arcanos: Keening 9

sions that are trivial or ri-

The Storyteller can reject
diculous. Above all, use this mechanism as a way to reward
roleplayers for ingenious and impassioned roleplaying.
Acceptable Passions
"Protect my daughter (Love) 3"
"Get revenge for my death (Hatred) 4"
"Collect every rare Jyhad card ever made (Greed) 1"

Unacceptable Passions

"Hates being dead (Resentment) 5"
"Likes the color blue (Love) 4"
"Find hatred (Hate) 4"

"Avoid Oblivion (Fear) 4"

Some emotions make for very bad Passions. A character
driven by "boredom" or "apathy" will be in for a rather dull

time. When designing Passions, remember that the game is as
seriou

the pla

Shadow Passions

Like Psyche Passions, the Shadow'

yers want to make it.

assions are made up of a
Purpose, a focusing emotion and a level. These do not have to be

mirror images of the Psyche's passions, although that's usually a

good place to start. The motivations of the Shadow usually run

contrary to the goals of the Psyche and are usually self-destructive.

The Shadow must inflict the Shadow Passion on some-
one else. The Shadow has to work harder to achieve Shadow
P. t when the Shadow is dominant over the
Psyche. Each success on a Shadow Passion roll will give the

ions; this is easi

character one point of Angst. Use these rolls to add a bitter-

sweet feeling of loss and self-destruction when a character fail;
Difficulty

Type of Scene
The §
(Th
The Shadow inflicts the passion of a

Storyteller judges whether the Shadow succeeds)

Shadow Passion 9

Example Shadow Passions

"Hurt my family (Pain)"

"Ruin my former business partner (Envy)"
"Corrupt the innocent (Lust)"

"Keep my loved ones away from my old home (Fear)"

"Kill my parents (Regret)"

Pathos

Pathos is ascore that ranges from one to ten in normal wraiths.
This trait rep
to passionately defy death. It is conceivably possible that Malfeans

‘nts sympathy with the real world and the ability

and very ancient wraiths can go above this, but this is extremely
rare. Ifa wraith falls to zero Pathos, she is unable to perform any

Arcanos requiring Pathos until she can regain at least one point,

Willow

i

illpower measures character's strength of will

and his capacity to overcome the urges and
desires that tempt him. The character's Will-
| power Pool (the squares) can never be greater
| than his Willpower rating (the circles). When
you use a point of Willpower, you remove it
from your character's temporary Willpower
Pool, not from the permanent Willpower rating. The rating stays
constant, while the Pool is depleted during the story.
Willpower from the Willpower Pool fluctuates a great deal
during a story. It decreases by one each time the player uses a
Willpower point to have his character do something extraordi-

Players Kit
<li


Wie

nary, such as gaining an automatic success. Eventually, the char-
acter will have no Willpower left and will no longer be able to
exert himself the way he once did. The character is mentally ex-
hausted and can't rouse himself enough to give a damn — he's
expended all his Willpower.

* Automatic Success: A Willpower point can be used to
obtain one automatic success in an action. Only one point of
Willpower can be used this way per turn, but it gives a single
guaranteed success. In this fashion, it is possible to succeed
automatically in any simple action simply by concentrating.
For extended rolls, the extra success can make the critical dif-
ference between success and failure. There are some situations
in which the Storyteller may not allow such a use of Will-
power.

¢ Resisting the Shadow: Willpower represents the
strength of the Psyche and the concept of identity. In many

instances where the Shadow attempts to overcome the Psyche

and control a wraith, the player is allowed to mak

a resisted
roll of Willpower against the Shadow's Angst. The most im-
portant example of this is Catharsis— see pg. 183 of the

rulebook.

Willpower represents the strength of a character's iden-

tity, which is defined by the character's Archetype. When a

player roleplays a character's Nature and Demeanor, her wraith

zains Willpower points. Characters regain all their temporary

Willpower at the end of each story.

Angst

Angst is a score ranging from

ro to ten in most wraith

This trait represents the pain and frustration a wraith feels when
she is separated from the real world. Any wraith whose perma-

nent Angst exceeds her permanent Willpower is easily domi-

nated by her Shadow and will almost certainly plunge into
Oblivion soon due to the Shadow's powerful urge for self-de-
struction.

Corpus

Corpus reflects the general "health" of a wraith. It begins
at ten levels and diminishes with each wound taken. Unlike
other Storyteller characters, wraiths do not suffer penalties if
they are at a lower level of Corpus, unless they are Embodied.

Ifa character is using Embody and is wounded, she will suffer

the same penalties as other material creatures with regard to
wound penalties (see pg. 200 of the rulebook).

Nikils
Nihils are terrifying pla
Nodes to Chantries (in Mi

. Unlike the relation of
e), it is neither necessary nor

desirable to have a Nihil in your Haunt. While it does
provide an easy means of entering the Tempest, any num-

ber of nasty critters could come out of it any moment.
Besides, it is foolish to enter the Tempest unless you or
one of your companions possesses Argos, and if that is the
case, it is a simple matter to use the basic art Tempest
Threshold to make a temporary opening to the Tempest,
which will quickly reseal.

like a shadow world of

he Shadowlands ar

death existing as a reality superimposed
upon the other reality of the Quick. The
Dead can see each other in the
Shadowlands and can visualize the Passions
of the living. They are also aware of the
decay that is everywhere. The Quick can
only see the real world. Actions in the Shadowlands will not
effect the living world except through the use of Arcanos. If a
character breaks into a room in the Shadowlands, the door
will still be intact in the real world. However, if the wraith
uses Outrage to break down the door in the Living World, the
door in the Shadowlands will also open.

The Tempest is a dangerous realm fraught with dangers
scarcely imagined by most wraiths, Some have described it as
asort of "hyperspace" realm: it is used by those with Argos as a
means of travelling from one place to another quickly, regard-
less of distance. It should be noted that the Tempest is only
reached from the Shadowlands by using a Nihil or by using
Argos. The Tempest is not a part of the Shadowlands.

Deep within the Tempest, the realm of Stygia lies like a
continent rising from a boiling sea. The Far Realms are also
there, existing as a cluster of islands just beyond the horizon
from Stygia. The realms of the Ivory Queen, Jade Emperor and
Obsidian Emperor are also within the Tempest. Without a guide
who knows the precise location, however, these non-Western
realms of death are nearly impossible to find.

Anyone who possesses Fetters can only travel to Stygia
and the other realms within the Tempest for a limited time.
Eventually, the ties that bind the wraith to the living world
will draw her back to the Shadowlands. Similarly, those who
do not possess Fetters can only visit the Shadowlands tempo-
rarily.

4 Wraith: The Oblivion

aS <


Love me, I'm your gun
Jethro Tull, "I'm Your Gun"

hile few of these guns still exist in the world
of the Quick (and fewer still are func-
tional), many soldiers who died with theit
‘il guns brought them over to the
"| Shadowlands as relics. While some have
A) been lost or destroyed in the Shadowlands,
it is not unheard of for a modern wraith to
possess an Elizabethan pistol or an American Civil War rifle.

The greatest problem with these archaic firearms (other
than their relatively slow reloading speed) is that they require

a substitute for the black powder or the explosive that fueled

them in life. The scarcity of relic gunpowder led to the de
d creation of Hierarcl

opment of Shadowdust, a highly pri
Artificers. Shadowdust functions as the explosive agent in these
old guns, making it unnecessary to expend Pathos to make the
gun fire. Soulfire crystals can also be used. Without Shadowdust
or Soulfire, it is necessary to expend one Pathos per level of
damage done by each shot.

Also remember that in order to fire a gun, you need relic
bullets or cartridges (or a Stygian substitute) as well as the
gun..

Archaic Firearms Rules

Shadowdust

With the development of personal firearms in the Re-
naissance, Stygia faced a problem. While damaged and
destroyed weapons poured into the Shadowlands as never
before, the minute quantities of explosives needed to make
the weapons functional was difficult to gather from the
sites of battles, Without gunpowder, it was necessary to
expend Pathos to mal pons function properly. As a
result, a Florentine Anacreon named Carlotta de Vellia
commissioned the Artificers in her employ to develop a
substance that could be substituted for gunpowder.

Her artisans invented the process that came to be
known as Assimliation. The general process is belived to
involve treating a finely ground Stygian alloy with som
form of crystalized Pathos, presumably resulting from bit-
terness or hatred, although the exact formula and process
ly guarded by the Hierarchy. In fact, there
are only a few individuals familiar with the entire proc

itself are fie!

However, while the Hierarchy has managed to guard the

secret of its production, there are numerous sources for
obtaining Shadowdust on the black market, including a
number of Renegades who make their living from trading

in illicit Shadowdust.

Players Kit

Difficulty | Damage Rate

Hand-Cannon

1. 14th Century European Hand Cannon (17.5mm) 8 7 if 1 N 50

2, 15th Century Matchlock Pistol (.70) 8 5 ibe 1 iy 15

3, 15th Century Matchlock Serpentine (.70) 7 7 1* 1 7 50

4. 15th Century Matchlock Blunderbuss (30mm) 6 6/8 1* 1 N 10/15

Wheellocks

5, 16th Century Wheellock Pistol (.72) 7 = i# 1 J 20

6, 16th Century Wheellock Musket (.72) 7 7 he 1 N 50

Flintlocks

7. L7th - 18th Century Flintlock Pistol (.75) 6 5 1* 1 J 20

8. L7th - 18th Century Flintlock Musket (.75) 7 8 1* 1 N 75
(Brown Bess)

Percussion Revolvers

9, 1837 Colt Paterson Texas Ranger ((36) 6 3 1* 5 P 15

10. 1855 Beaumont-Adams (50) 8 5 yas 5 J 30

11. 1865 Remington New Army (.44) 7 5 1* 6 J 30

12. 1854 LeMat Cavalry (.44/.65) 7/6 5/7 ae ofl ) 25/10

Cartridge Revol

13, 1853 Parker-Hale Envield Musket (.50) 7 7 i* N 200

14. 1863 Sharps Rifle (.54) 8 8 ie 1 N 250

15. Percussion Double Shotgun (10 gauge) 6/8 8/12 a 2 N 20

16. Sawed-off Double Shotgun (10 gauge) 719 8/12 2 2 7, 10

Cartridge Rifles (Lever Action & Single-Shot)

17. 1875 Smith & Wesson Scofield (,45) 7 5 1 6 J 30

18. 1878 LeFaucheaux (.36) 6 3 2 6 J 20

19, 1889 Smith & Wesson (.38) 6 4 2 5 P 10

Hammerless Safety

20. 1892 Colt New Army (.38) 6 4 2 6 J 30

Percussion Rifles & Shotguns

21, 1858 Henry Rifle (.44) va 6 1 13 T 200

22, 1873 Springfield Trapdoor (.45-70) 8 8 1 1 N 275

23, 1894 Winchester Repeater (.308) 8 8 1 6 N 215

World War I Bolt Action Rifles

24, 1898 Mauser BoltAction (Sinn) 7 8 1 5 N 300

25, 1903 Springfield Bolt-Action (30.06) 8 8 1 5 N 215

Support Weapons

26, 1918 Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR) (30.06) 8 8 2 20 N 215

27, 1862 Gatling Gun (.45-70) 6 6 10 50/400 ON 250
100Ibs.

28. 1897 Hotchkiss Light Machine Gun (8mm) 6 7 15 30/240 N 300
56lbs

29. 1913 Lewis Light Machine Gun (.303) 8 8 2 47/94 N 400
27Ibs

World War 1 Era Semi-Automatic Pistols

30. 1896 Mauser Broomhandle Pistol (7.63mm) 8 5 3 10 J 20

31. 1898 Luger Toggle-Action Pistol (7,65mm) 7 4 4 8 J 20

32. 1903 FN Browning (9mm) 7 4 4 8 J 25

Semi-Automatic Pistol

33. 1911 Colt Model 1911 (.45) 8 5 3 7 J 25

Derringers and Holdout Pistols

34, 1854 Percussion Derringer (.41) 7 3 i* 1 e io

35, 1870 Over/Under Derringer (.36) 6 3 1 2 P 10

36. 1837 Duck's Foot Derringer (.32) 6 4 1* 1 P 5

37. 1841 Percussion Pepperbox (.26) 5 2 2* 8 Pp 10

Wraith: The Oblivion

Items marked with a * under the ‘Rate' column do not fire
pre-assembled cartridge rounds and must be carefully reloaded by

hand. This isa delicate process that involves measuring and pour-
ing a Shadowdust charge down the barrel, tamping it and ram-
minga patch and ball down after it. A touch-hole or Shadowdust-
pan must then be primed with still more Shadowdust, or a percus

sion cap must be attached. This is easy to do out of combat in |

than half a minute per round loaded, but in combat, this require:
aroll of Dexterity + Firearms. The number of rounds it take
reload is equal to (15 minus the number of successes). A charac-

to

tet who botches might drop or break reloading components, spill
Shadowdust, or pour Shadowdust into a chamber that still con-
tains a burning ember, resulting in the Shadowdust igniting. Very
bad botches are likely to injure the wielder or damage the weapon.

Matchlock Weapons

All matchlock weapons were fired by a S-shaped steel bar
which plunged a slow-match (rope treated with saltpeter) into a
flashpan filled with priming Shadowdust. The Shadowdust in the
pan could easily be spilled. Later matchlocks incorporated sliding
metal pan-covers to afford some protection. The weapon cannot
simply be transported with the match lit. The match must be lit
before entering combat. Reliability depends on the uncertain bumn-
ing of the match. Botches with these weapons likely indicate the
match burning out or Shadowdust dampening or spilling from

the pan, depending on circumstances. Worse still, the Shadowdust

in the pan might ignite without touching off the main charge.
1
end of a staff. It could be braced against the ground or tucked
under the arm like a lance.

This was simply a primitive cannon mounted on the

The user ignites the Shadowdust by

thrusting a slow-match or ember into a touchhole. These weap-

ons are usually a little over a foot in length and are attached to
staves approximately four to six feet in length.

2. Almost all these short weapons are stocked, rather like

clumsy, sawed-off rifles. For an unstocked, "true" pistol version,

Concealment becomes ‘J' and difficulty becomes 9

3... Thisisalonger-barteled version ofa similar weapon with
amore refined stock, larger Shadowdust charge and greater range
Some could be surprisingly accurate.

4. A trumpet or "bell"-barreled primitive shotgun, often
loaded with gravel, old nails, broken crockery or whatever else
was handy rather than real lead shot. The wide barrel, though

believed falsely to help spread the shot charge, actually facilitates
faster loading. When using improvised ammunition, use the num-
bers to the left of the slash. When using dropped-lead shot, use

the numbers to the right of the slash.

Wheellock Weapons

These weapons did away with the conspicuous and unreli-
able match, replacing it with a'clockwork mechanism that put
tension on a toothed wheel. Pulling the trigger disconnected a

sear which kept the wheel restrained. This allowed the teeth to
spin against pyrites or flint, producing sparks that showered down
into a covered pan, igniting the Shadowdust charge. These weap-
ons were complex, expensive and subject to breakage, but they
did a better job of protecting the Shadowdust than matchlock

weapons, and one

harged and primed, they could be stored in-
definitely, ready to fire at a moment's notice. Flashes in the pan

still occurred, as did atmospheric dampening of the Shadowdust

in the pan. Truly bad botches may result in breakage of the deli-
cate mechanism, rendering the firearm useless.

5. This ign, much
more compact and reliable than its predecessors. It is typical of

hort-barreled pistol of advanced de

weapons used between 1520 and 1650. Many of these weapons
incorporated large, mace-like butts, useful for clubbing ifthe wraith
is engaged at close quarters before reloading.

6. Smooth-bored wheellock carbines and muskets like this
were utilized as late as the mid-17th century, primarily by cavalr

y halberds

At

They were often ‘combined arms', incorporated into forks

and other pole-arms to render them useful between reload:

least one example was built into a crossbow!

lintlock Weapons

These more modem arms were highly simplified in compari-
son to their clockwork predecessors. Nevertheless, they had f
time (time between trigger pull and Shadowdust discharge),

protected the Shadowdust pan more effectively a

ster

loc
nd were not as

subject to breakage. This was accomplished by fastening the flint

toa hammer similar to the matchlock's serpentine. When the
trigger was pulled, a mechanism plunged the flint down and for:
ward, striking the hinged L-shaped pan cover. This lifted the cover,
exposing the Shadowdust. As the flint raked down the vertical of
the L-shaped cover, it struck sparks into the pan, igniting the
Shadowdust. This reliable mechanism remained in use for two-

and-a-half centuries. Botches with flintlock weapons usually mean

that there's been "a flash in the pan" or that the flint has been

chipped to the point where it no longer reliably spa

This pistol design changed very little during its heyday.

Long, slender and often decorated, these weapons had barrels rang-

ing in length anywhere from six to sixteen inches. While many

early examples retained the heavy mace-like butts of earlier pis-

tols, later weapons were more slender and fitted better to the hand.

Some latter-day flintlock pistols were rifled for greater accuracy.
8. The Brown Bess typifies a style of flintlock musket that
saw use in the military forces of most of the world's empires from

the 17th to the 19th centuries. Flintlock muskets similar to this
are the commonly portrayed weapons of the American Revolu-
tionary War, but many saw use as late as the American Civil War.
Despite their usually smoothbore barrels, many of them are fan-
tastically accurate, limited only by the primitive sighting mecha-
nisms of the times.

Players Kit 7


Percussion Weapons

Percussion firearms bridge the gap between touch-hole and
pan ignition arms to modern cartridge ammunition. The percus-
sion cap isa tiny cup that contains a fulminate primer. Itis wedged
onto a "nipple" at the back or breech of the chamber. When the
trigger is pulled, a hammer crushes the cap onto the nipple. The
ensuing detonation sends a flash down a tiny channel in the nipple
equivalent to the toucholes of earlier firearms. When percussion
weapons are being loaded, in addition to pouring and tamping
Shadowdust, patch and ball, the percussion cap must be placed.
Botches with percussion weapons most often mean that the primer
has fallen off its nipple.

9. This early Colt revolver was fairly small. It was a single-
action weapon, requiring that the hammer be manually cocked
for every shot to be fired. The Dice Pool may be split to "fan" the
hammer, allowing for rapid but inaccurate fire. This is true of

ingle action revolvers, although some required minor modifi
tions to permit it.

10. An early British double-action revolver, its mechanism
automatically cocked the hammer as the trigger was squeezed for
each shot. It fired a fairly heavy slug with fairly high recoil and
was something of an early "magnum" weapon.

11. Adopted by the U.S. Army in 1865, this revolver fired
single-action, like the Colt-Paterson. Like several similar revolv-
ers of its day, the entire cylinder could be removed and replaced
(three actions) with a spare loaded cylinder. While the fastest
reload around was still a second gun, this allowed the weapon to
be reloaded sort of in the manner of a 19th century speedloader.

12. This was a rather unusual weapon incorporating a 9-
shot revolver cylinder over a .65 shotgun barrel only a few inches
long. [t came in several versions and saw action during the Ameri-
can Civil War, Bulky and unwieldy, it was nevertheless effective.
Ratings separated by a "/" show revolver/shotgun caliber, diffi-
culty, damage and clip.

13. One of the earliest Enfields, this British smoothbore
longarm was typical of the empire builders of its day and may be
well.

used as an example for the arms of other nation:

14. This was the great slayer of buffalo, an accurate, heavy
percussion rifle that helped "win" the American West

- or least

cleared all the buffalo from it, thereby greatly reducing the range
and food supply of many Native American tribes.

15. Made under many names, this is the classic "double,"
often found in 10-gauge rather than 12-gauge during the 19th
century. [t was percussion primed and sometimes loaded with slugs
or even nine or ten dimes per barrel instead of lead shot. The
second set of numbers are for firing both barrels simultaneously...

an endeavor much more difficult in real life than in movies and
fiction.

16. This is the above weapon with the barrels cut bacl
times to as little as 6". The stocks are sawed and polished down to

» some-
a pistol grip for concealabilty. In theory, this opens up the shot

8 Wraith: The Oblivion

OSS
FY yy

cone faster, resulting in wider shot grouping and higher hit prob-
ability. In practice, the pistol grip and reduced forward weight
make them almost uncontrollable. Again, the second set of fig-
ures is for discharging both barrels at the same time.

Cartridge Firearms

These weapons use a firing system identical to those in most
modem arms. The percussion cap is replaced by a primer of simi-
lar construction actually inset into the rear of a brass casing, which
protects and contains the powder. The ball munition at the front
seals the casing. Rounds can be quickly chambered by hand or by
avariety of mechanisms, eliminating the powder-pouring and prim-

ing of earlier systems. Botches with these weapons should be treated
as botches with modern weapons unless otherwise noted.

17. A latter-day single-action revolver with a powerful
tridge, quite popular on the American frontier. This revolver w
hinged to "top break" in the manner of a breech-loading shotgun.
The cylinder and barrel folded downward to facilitate loading and
cleaning. Unfortunately, this weakened the weapon's frame.
Botches with this weapon may mean that the locking mechanism
for the hinge has weakened, blowing the weapon open and possi-
bly destroying it or injuring the wielder.

‘as

18. This French double-action revolver was issued to their
military in 1878, including the famous Legion Etrangere (the For-
eign Legion). It fired a weak but ea
cartridge. For reloading, the cylinder swung out to the left as on
modern revolvers.

sily controlled and accurate

19. This revolver was designed with concealability in mind,
The hammer-spur was omitted, as it tended to snag on clothing
during the draw. In addition, a grip-safety was incorporated into
the weapon to prevent accidental discharge. Amusingly referred
toas the "lemon squeezer" for its resemblance to a period kitchen
implement, it was nevertheless popular with gentlemen and law-
men who desired an innocuous weapon.
Jopted by the U.S. Army in 1892, is a
nd it is identical in almost every detail

20. This weapon, «
rather modem revolver,

to the .38 caliber double-action revolvers used by police as re-
cently as the 1980's. This is the classic ".38 special".

21. This is one of the classi rifles. The Henry
lever-action repeating rifle helped to open (and close) the old
West. Its thirteen-round tubular magazine fed cartridges similar
to modern .44 special rounds. In the hands of an expert, the lever-
action repeater could be emptied rapidly and accurately at mul-

cattleman's

tiple targets.

22. Another of the great buffalo rifles, this was a popular
big-game rifle used as late as the early 20th century. Extrememly
accurate, it had the disadvantage that its powerful .45-70 cartridges

had to be manually loaded for each shot.

23. This weapon is the final evolution of the lever-action
rifle— weaponsmiths have never truly improved on this design.
The mechanism remains

virtually unchanged today and is avail-


able ina variety of calibers, although all bullets used in such weap-
ons must be flat-tipped or hollowpoints to avoid the nose-to-primer
stacked rounds in the magazine detonating each other under re-
coil. It is interesting to note that the lever-action is perhaps the
only repeating rifle mechanism to originate in America instead of
Europe.

World War i Era Bolt-Action Rifles

These weapons were breech-loading and mags

ine-fed, but
each round needed to be manually stripped from the magazine by
the simple expedient of working a locking blot back and forth.
This style of weapon is still immensely popular for hunting and
sniping applications today, and admirers of the system claim that

no other repeating rifle mechanism can be tuned toa finer trigger

for a

racy,

24. The Mauser that served Germany during World War I
was yet another design at its peak. Old Mauser actions are still in
demand today to build accurate rifles. In spite of the manual work-

ing of the bolt, sustained fire w:

Vi

the armories of nations the world over.

s fast, accurate and quite lethal.

‘ations on this weapon have been licensed and produced in

25. This is the American equivalent to the Mauser, which

also saw action in the trenches during "the Great War." It was
quite similar to the Mauser, only slightly less accurate and a bit
heavier and bulkier. Almost all the rifles of World War I were
similar to this weapon or the Mauser, and they may be used as
templates for the Enfields of the day.

Support Weapons 19th and 20th Century

These weapons were found usually emplaced on the battle-

field, or on naval vessels and in fortifications. On occasion, th

were mounted to vehicles, including the early aircraft of the First
World War. Most of these are heavier, bulkier devices meant to
be crew-served, not carried by one man. An e

the BAR, which is a very heavy rifle meant for one man to carry.

ception to this is

26. The original military BAR (unlike the modern hunting
version listed in Vampire) used a twenty-round box magazine and
should be regarded as the first modern battle rifle. It fired the
same ammunition as the Springfield, weighed almost twice as
much, and was not truly automatic: the gun fired one shot per
trigger pull (no bursts). [t was the heavy squad support weapon of
its d

lay and very effective.

27. This is the classic, hand-cranked multi-barreled rapid
fire weapon of OldWest and Civil War fame. It could be fired
single shot or in continuous burst for as long as ammunition could
be dumped into it and willing arms were there to turn the crank.
It loaded from top-mounted magazines or drums and was reliable
under most conditions. Some variants loaded from a hopper into
which more and more ammunition could be dumped. Though it
came in many calibers and sizes, the typical model here is a light
44-40 firing from 50-round ‘sticks' or a 400-round revolving drum.

28. The French Hotchkiss was a truly heavy machine gun,
weighing 57 pounds. The tripod weighed an additional 60 pounds.
It did dirty work in the trenches, feeding from 30-round strip-
clips that could be linked to form 240 round belts. It was also
found on early aircraft and the primitive armored vehicles of World
War I. Several hundred were purchased by America before the
First World War and converted to 30.06 caliber.

29. The Germans referred to this weapon as the "Belgian
Rattlesnake" [t was loaded from a horizontal, top-mounted drum
and was devilishly hard to keep functioning in WWI' trench
environment. Both 47 and 94 round drums were used, It weighed
27 pounds, less than half what the Hotchkiss did, and was em-
ployed on similar vehicles as well as in trench warf

World War i Semi-Automatic Pistols

These weapons fired one shot per trigger pull in the fashion

of modern semi-automatic pistols. Indeed, many of these are de-
signs which are not significantly changed in the last eighty years.
Early versions were prone to jamming.

30. The old "broomhandle," as this weapon had been affec-
tionately known, fired a high-powered cartridge for its day and
loaded from a non-detachable box magazine in front of the pistol

grip. Later versions used 9mm caliber rounds and sometimes had
detachable 10 and 20 round magazines. It is still regarded as a
symbol of authority in many Third World countries and has a
strange, almost cult mystique among its afficionados.

31. The classic German toggle-bolt handgun, the Luger has
long been known for reliability and accuracy. Later versions were
made in 9mm, and the U.S. Army briefly studied adopting a .45
caliber vei

ion, although only two of these were ever produced.
Like the Mauser Broomhandle, it was sometimes made available
with a loner barrel and a wooden holster which doubled as a d
tachable stock (only available for Luger and Mauser; it cannot be
attached to other weapons. The weapon is only concealable un-
der a trench coat when the stock is attached).

32. This pistol paved the way for almost all the modern semi-
automatics, and its method of functioning would be instantly fa-
miliar to any modern pistol shooter. It incorporated a cammed,
free-floating barrel that tipped down to chamber each round be-
fore locking rigidly against the slide in the firing position.

33. The 1911 Colt Automatic has changed very little over
the past eighty-odd years. It has been licensed and duplicated in
most of the world's countries and has served as the sidearm of the
U.S. Army for over seventy years. Still popular with special forces
units and Third World armies, it is available today in an incred-
ible number of variations. Earlier versions were very ammunition
sensitive and very prone to jamming.

Players Kit


RPS;
SWZ

Derringer and Holdout Pistols

The
although it is uncertain whether this referred to where they

: tiny weapons were often referred to as ‘belly-guns',

were most commonly concealed or where you had to shove
them to have any hope at all of hitting. Most are notoriously
inaccurate, although some exceptions showed that the class of
weapons as a whole are not to blame and that good craftsman-
ship could still produce a fine piece. Even so, the range of these
weapons was terribly limited.

34. This single-shot percussion derringer was popular for
several decades as

"holdout" weapon. A derringer of similar
type was used to assassinate Abraham Lincoln, a tribute more
to the luck and accuracy of the assassin than to any inherent
deadlines of these usually underpowered and inaccurate pocket
pistols.

35, Epitomized by the Remington Over/Under pistols,
these tiny weapons are usually nickel-plated and fitted with

g 10 Wraith: The Oblivion

fancy grips, often known as dandy's or gambler's guns. They
hinged open to allow the loading of cartridges and remained

popular until the early 20th century. Some had longer bar

than others, and some are rigged to fire both barrels at once.
These are usually a bit more accurate than most other models.

36. Truly one of the stranger weapon concepts of all time,
the duck's foot pistol had three separate barrels side by side
and fired
simultaneously. At point-blank range, an enemy might be hit

that fanned outward from a single percussion car

by all three balls. Further out, hitting with even one was un-
likely.

37. Anearly revolving multi-barreled pistol, this weapon
is easily concealed but vastly underpowered. Their fold-down

triggers are prone to bre:

kage and effectiveness at any but the
shortest ranges was severely limited. On the other hand, they
provided! a wiuleip

-shot capability unmatched by other pis-

tols of their size.

0 —ZJ
Ss


Arcanos Char

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost

Ability Tempestpeek Perception 6 nia
Allows a wraith in the Shadowlands to peek into the Tempest.

Ability Tempest Threshold Strength 7 nfa
Opens a hole into the Tempest

Ability Orienteering Perception 8 n/a

Navigates through the Tempest— |-3 successes: standard time; 4 success: half standard time; 5 successes: 1/4 standard time.
Ability Track Perception 6 n/a

Tracks another wraith who has fled into the Tempest; quarry can resist with a Dexterity+Argos (difficulty 6).
. Enshroud Dexterity 7 none

Makes the wraith invisible for one turn per success; no non-Argos arts may be used without breaking effect
ee Phantom Wings Stamina 6 none

Lets the wraith fly at running speed for one\turn per success.

. Flicker Dexterity 6 IP,

Reduces travel time over short distances lowered by one turn per success

eoee Jump Stamina 8 minus Fetter 3P
Lets the wraith travel quickly to one of her Fetters.

Oubliette Strength WP 3P
Sends a target wraith into the Tempest. May be opposed by WP.

Castigate

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Soulsight Perception 8 nfa

Determines the strength of another wraith's Shadow.
Ability Bulwark Stamina Malstr + 3 special
Protects the wraith and those the wraith touches against a Maelstrom; cost is 1 Pathos per Maelstrom level
. Coax Charisma 6 +1A
Lets the wraith add or subtract one Shadow Die per two successes from agiven task.
oe Dark Secrets Perception WP IP
Lets wraith ask one question about the target per success. May be opposed by Angst.
eee Purify Charisma perm. Angst +1A per ‘I'
¢ Subject loses 1 temporary Angst and takes one Corpus Level per success.

Casting Out Charisma ih none
Drives all Spectres (not Doppelgangers) from area for 1 turn per success. May be resisted by Angst.
ecoee Defiance Charisma Angst or Angst+3. none
Prevents a Shadow from controlling a wraith; reduces Angst by one point per success. Gives 1A for each "1" rolled.


Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost

Ability Ghostly Touch Strength Shroud n/a
Produces a touch (strength of a keystroke) in the material world.
Ability Maintain the Material Form Stamina fs 1P + 1P/suce.
Adds successes to those already gained for Embody power being used; abotch dissipates the form.
Whispers Manipulation Shroud IP
Lets one short sentence be heard in the material world per success.
oe Phantom Charisma Shroud IP
Makes the wraith appear as a translucent figure for one tum per success; may scare mortals.
eee Statue Stamina Shroud IP

Makes wraith appear solid (but motionless) for one scene or touch per success.

Life-in-Death Manipulation Shroud 2P
Makes wraith appear as idealized version of self for one scene per succe:

Materialize Manipulation | Shroud 3P+1W
Makes wraith nearly human for one breath (or hour if attuned to viewer) per success.

Fataism

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Kismet Perception 6 n/a

Allows you to tell who Fate deems "important" in a room.
Fatal Vision Perception sub. WP. none

Tells about how subject died (or will die, if in the near future); adds 1 die/success to later Interpretation.
Danger Tense Perception 6 none

)

Interpretation Manipulation sub. WP. 2P

Warns wraith of impending danger (1 turn warning/success); difficulty may vary.

Gives one cryptic answer per success about subject's past or future.
Lachesis' Measure Perception 6 2F:
Gives information about current and future situation.
Luck Wits 6 1W

Lets player ignore one "1" for each success; roll for this only at start ofstory.

inhabit

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Sense Gremlin Perception 6 n/a

Determines whether or not something is inhabiting a machine now (or,with three successes, in the near past).

Surge Wits Shroud none

Temporarily cuts power to one electronic device per success. May damage sensitive electronics.
Ride the Electron Highway Intelligence Shroud2P++1 P/passenger

Lets wraith transport herself and other wraiths through the computer network.

Gremlinize Dexterity Shroud 3P + 1Pleffect
Controls a machine; attunement is required for major effects.
Claim Strength Shroud 2P
Lets the wraith inhabit an object for one scene; one success needed for small objects, five for house-sized objects.

Empower Wits Shroud varies
Invests one of a wraith's Arcanos arts into an item.

Wraith: The Oblivion

QO og BRO! a‘ SG
y eT A YS*

Fae


Keening

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Perfect Pitch Perception 6 nfa
Senses when someone else uses Keening to influence or manipulate emotions resisted by Sotto Voce.
Ability Sotto Voce Manipulation 6 n/a
Conceals Keening in normal speech or song; resists Sotto Voce (greater number of successes wins).
. Dirge Charisma 8 1P
Provokes "dark" feelings for one turn per success (for wraiths), or longer for mortals (a week for five successes)
oe Ballad Manipulation 8 2P
Provokes "light" feelings for same length of time as Dirge.
eee Muse Manipulation sub.WP 3P
Makes subject (wraith or mortal) believe an idea is his own; min. difficulty is 7.
sooo Crescendo Stamina 8 2P + 1P/success

Does one Corpus damage per success to all wraiths in normal hearing range; if Embodied, does | Health Level per 2 successes to other listeners.

Requiem Strength 7 3P + 1P/success
Paralyzes subject for one turn per success; resisted by WP; may inflict mental damage.

lifeweb

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Locate Fetter Perception or Intelligence 6, nfa

With Perception, scans the area around a given Fetter; with Intelligence, detects range and direction to the Fetter.
° Sense Strand Perception 8 none

Determines relationship between a wraith and her Fetters, or whether something is a Fetter.
oe Web Presence Charisma 8 1P/turn

Lets wraith affect the area surrounding a Fetter without being there.
eee Splice Strand Manipulation 7 IP +1P/day

Makes something the wraith is touching into a temporary Fetter (rating 1); only one such Fetter can be maintained ata time.
eece Sever Strand Strength owner's WP 2P + 1W

Severs target's connection to Fetter (requires WP or Splice Strand to repair).

Soul Pact Charisma sub. WP. oP
Makes a willing mortal into a Fetter (rating 1).

Moliate

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Shapesense Perception special nla
Detects whether and how another wraith has been Moliated; difficulty is original shaper's Dextrity + Moliate.
Ability Glow Charisma 7 IP
Causes wraith or others to glow with a given color and intensity for one scene per success.
Ability Return of Death's Visage Manipulation 6 to 10 IP

Returns wraith to original state; difficulty depends on degree of change (minor change = diff. 6; drastic = diff. 10).
. Imitate Dexterity 4to8 1P

Molds wraith's face to match another's; diff. 5 if wraith can see the face, 8 if not, but 4 if wraith has a skinmask.
oe Sculpt Manipulation 7 IP

Changes subject wraith's shape; cannot alter subject's abilities;subject loses a Corpus Level; can also heal aggravated damage.
eee Martialry Intelligence or Strength Stamina + 3 3P + 1P/success

Molds wraith's body into weaponry (does 1 die damage per success) or armor.


eeee Rend Strength sub. Staminat+3 1P+1A
Does aggravated damage to target (1 die/success, plus 1 die/Pathos spent); must touch target.
Bodyshape Wits varies 1P+1P/turn
Transforms wraith's whole body and appearance for | scene per success; difficulty depends on form assumed.

Outrage

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Leap of Rage Dexterity Shroud nfa
Improves leaps and jumps (adds successes to those scored while making leap or jump); diff. 6 in Tempest or Shadowlands.
° Ping Strength Shroud IP
Moves a very small object just a little bit (can be a brush, a push, a lift, etc.).
oo Wraithgrasp Strength Shroud 2P

Lifts heavier objects with a Feat of Strength; objects cannot be moved in any way other than a lift.

eee Stonehand Punch Strength Shroud 2P
Physically strikes the target; does one Health Level or Corpus Level per success.

cove Death's Touch Dexterity 8 3P

Lets wraith manipulate objects for one minute per success gained, or start fires (using Strength instead of Dexterity).
Obliviate Strength Shroud 3P+1A

Does one level aggravated damage per success; sends destroyed objects to Oblivion; diff. Stamina + 3 when used against wraiths,

Pandemonium

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Sense'Chaos Perception 7 n/a

Determines whether a particular event has been caused by Pandemonium or whether an object or mortal has been
touched by Shadow of a wraith or Spectre.

° Weirdness Charisma Shroud IP

Causes something strange to happen to one individual at a time (a hot flash, a minor hallucination, ete.),
ee Befuddlement Intelligence sub. WP 1P

Confuses target for one turn per success; target must make Intelligence roll vs. diff. 8 each turn to think clearly.
ooo Dark Ether Intelligence Shroud 1P + 1P/turn

Affects weather or light in a small area; five successes can do one level of damage to those in the area.

coos Foul Humour Intelligence Shroud 4P + 1C/success
Causes a rain of vermin, stream of blood, or other bizarre effect; damaging effects do 1 die damage per 2 succes:

Tempus Fugit Intelligence Shroud 4P
Distorts the flow of time or space, speeding up/slowing down actions or altering distances.

Phantasm

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Ability Sleepsense Perception 6 nia
Lets wraith determine subject's sleep state, or observe or experience a subject's dream for one turn per success.
. Elysia Dexterity 6t08 IP
Removes a sleeping mortal's soul harmlessly for one turn/success; REM sleep = diff. 6, transitional sleep = diff. 7, deep sleep = diff. 8.

ee Lucidity Manipulation varies 2P
Changes a mortal's dream; difficulty depends on extent of change.
eee Dreams of Sleep Charisma sub. WP. IP
Makes other wraiths fall asleep and dream; roll needed only if subject unwilling; may be opposed by Intelligence + Subterfuge.

14 Wraith: The Oblivion


Puppetr

Rating
Ability

oe

Usury
Rating
Ability

ry
ooo
eooe

by Wits + Subterfuge (diff. 8).
Phantasmagoria Charisma 6 3P+1P

Creates illusions using wraith's Pathos and Corpus for 1 turn per succes

y

Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Detect Possession Perception 7or9 na

Detects current possession of a subject (diff. 7, resisted by possessor's Appearance+Subterfuge at diff. 7), or past possession (diff. 9).

Skinride Dexterity sub. WP LP

Lets wraith passively enter mortal's body; must be used before other possession abilities.
Sudden Movement Strength sub. WP IP

Takes brief control of a mortal's arm or leg; resisted by WP.
Master's Voice Intelligence sub. WP IP

Lets wraith speak through mortal for one breath per success; voice is combination of mortal's and wraith's.
Rein in the Mind Manipulation — sub. WP 4P+1A

Lets wraith control attuned mortal completely for one scene per success; min. difficulty is local Shroud
Obliterate the Soul Strength sub. WP 5P+2W+A

Lets wraith permanently control mortal (but body decays after one week); successes must equal host's WP.
Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost
Assessment Perception 6 nia

Senses the amount of life (Stamina/Health/Corpus) in an individual or an area.
Transfer Manipulation ‘Varies hone

Transfers Pathos to a wraith (diff. = sub. Pathos) or from one (diff. = sub. WP); target wraith must be touched
Early Withdrawal Manipulation — sub. WP. none

st's Health or Corpus levels to wraith (1 per success); target must be touched (mortals must be physically touched).

Moves t

Charitable Trust Stamina special IP
Moves wraith's Corpus levels to target (up to'l level per success); diff. is target's current Health or Corpus Level

Exchange Rate Intelligence 6 none
Converts wraith's Corpus to Pathos (up to 1 point per success)
Investment Intelligence 7 none

"Invests" up to a set number of Pathos or Corpus points into a relic for later use.

P = Pathos
A = Angst
W or WP = Willpower

n/a = does not apply


Wraith Players Ki

qhe Darkness Beckons..

You are pat ofa group who tel stories together. When you make time to get together, you want to be abl to get started about the business of telling stories as soon
as pose, Contained within are all the tools to make character creation a breeze, leaving you free to get on wih creating your character's part in te sory!

Can You Resist is Call?

The Wath players Kit isthe perfect companion to Wraith: the Oblivion, with concise summaries of Areas and condensed character creation information

qhe Wraith Players Kit includes

‘Deluxe Character and Shadow sheets
‘A Player' Screen, including a quick reference chart for Arcanos;

‘Additonal information on the archaic and specialty weapons f te Shadowlands and Stgil

WW 6010

Food 1598 STONECATE IND. BLYD. j
‘ We STONE MT, CA 30083 be for

fa) IN

Printed in Canada






Ratings

Abysmal

° Poor
oe Average
eee = Good

eeee Exceptional
eeeee Superb

Difficulties

3 Easy

4 Routine

5 Straightforward

6 Standard

7 Challenging

8 Difficult

9 Extremely Difficult

Degrees of Success

One Success Marginal
Two Successes Moderate
Three Successes Complete
Four Successes Exceptional

Five Successes Phenomenal

Combat Summary Chart

Stage One: Initiative

* Roll Wits + Alertness (difficulty 4). The winner declares her
action last (after she has heard everyone else's actions) and performs
it first

* Declare Dice Pool division if performing multiple actions

Stage Two: Attack

© For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.

* For melee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity + Melee.

© For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll Dexterity
+ Brawl.

* Dodge: roll Dexterity + Dodge. A character can forfeit some
or all of his Dice Pool to dodge at any time; each success subtracts

one from the opponent's successes. (How-ever, remember that stray-

ing from your declared action will still remove one die from your
Dice Pool.)

Stage Three: Resolution

* Roll damage, determined by weapon or maneuver (difficulty 6)

* Soak damage: roll Stamina (difficulty 6)

General Complications
* Changing Actions: The difficulty increases by one.

* Immobilization: The difficulty to hit a
decreased by two.

immobilized target is

* Stunning: When Corpus damage exceeds Stamina rating, the

target is stunned and cannot act next turn.


a RR SS SS SES SSS

Character Creation Chart

* Step One: Character Concept
Choose concept, Nature and Demeanor
* Step Two: Select Attributes
Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Mental (7/5/3)
Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina
Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Appearance
Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits
* Step Three: Select Attributes
Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills, Knowledges
Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges (13/9/5)
© Step Four: Select Advantages
Choose Arcanos(5), Backgrounds (7), Passions (10), Fet-
ters (10)
* Step Five: Finishing Touches
Record beginning Pathos (5 + Memoriam + freebies )
and Willpower ( 5 + freebies )
Spend "freebie points" (15)

Personality Archetypes

* Architect: You are unhappy unless you are creating something of value.
* Avant-Garde: The new and different are the keystones of your existence.

* Bon Vivant
© Bravo: You are something of a bully; you like to be feared.

You seek the good things in life — even after death.

* Caregiver: Many need your love and protection, and you need them to
need you

* Child: You ne

* Conformist: A follower at heart, you find it easy to adapt, adjust and
comply.

er grew up, and want someone to take care of you.

* Conniver: There's always an easier way — which usually involves some
one else doing your work.

* Critic: Nothing in life or death is perfect, and you take great delight in
pointing out flaws.

© Curmudgeon: You are a real sourpuss and cynic to the Nth degree
© Deviant: You're just not like anyone else

© Director: You hate chaos and are forever taking charge to set things right.
© Fanatic: You have a cause, and it gives your life meaning,

* Gallant: You are as flamboyant as you are amoral

* Jester: Always the clown, you can't take life, or death, seriously

# Judge: You seek justice and reconciliation

® Loner: You are forever alone, even in a crowd,
* Martyr: You need to be needed and enjoy being morally superior
* Rebel: No need for a cause; you rebel out of habit and passion.

* Survivor: You struggle to survive, no matter what the odds

* Traditionalist: You prefer the orthodox and conservative ways.

© Visionary: Wisdom is your quest, insight your key.

uA RR RE EE

SE SSS RB SE A I et

Examples of purposes ae:

Anger: Fight injustice

Avenge your death

Punish a type of criminal

Overthrow a corrupt leader

Fight the criminal syndicate that destroyed you
Love: Find a new owner for a cherished item

Protect your daughter

Express unrequited love

Help your true love find someone else

Greed: Possess a particular valuable item

Serve the Hierarchy for payment
Protect the family fortune
Lust: Experience gratification you never knew in life

Live vicariously through your ex-lover
Faith: Become a martyr for a cause you know is right
Foster belief in a higher power
Help your family to keep their faith
Hope: Protect the oppressed
Protect a homeless shelter
Prevent suicide
Sorrow: Make your Haunt a place of remorse
Give grief to your enemy

Character Backeround

© How old were you when you died?

¢ What was your family life like?

© What was the most shameful thing you've ever done?
@ What was the best thing you've ever done?

© What places were important to you in life?

© How did you die?

© How long have you been dead?

© How did you meet the rest of your Circle?

¢ What was your first run-in with other Underworld dwellers like?
© What do you do for fun?

© Where is your favorite Haunt?

¢ Where does your Circle meet?

© What motivates you?

SEE EIEEEEEIRERRpe erence en aa aaa

freebie Point Expenses

Attributes — 5 points per dot
Arcanos — 5 points per dot
Willpower — 2 points per dot
Abilities — 2 points per dot
Passions — 2 points per dot
Backgrounds — | point per dot
Fetters — 1 point per dot

Pathos — | point per two dots

Experience Chart

Trait Cost
Attribute current rating x 4
New Ability 3

Ability current rating x 2
New Arcanos7

Arcanos Level of Arcanos x 3
Willpower current rating
Pathos current rating x 2

Corpus current rating

Ways to Heal

© 1 Pathos = 1 Corpus/turn
© Usury
© Slumber (Stamina, difficulty 6)

GAME STUDIO

Peal 4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
ay . Th MIN., GA 30083

Printed in Canada

nit
qhe Oblivion
Nature: life:

Demeanor: Death:
Chronicle: Shadow: Resret:

Physical Social Nental
Strength, @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation, @0000 Intelligence___—_—S SSS ©0000
] Stamina @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000

Tolents Skill Knowledge :
Alertness. QOO0O0O Crafts. OOOOO Bureaucracy. 00000
' Athletics. 00000 Drive. OO0O00O = Computer. 00000
Awareness, OOOOO Etiquette. OOO0OO Enigmas. 00000
Brawl, OOOOO Firearms OO0O0OO Investigation. 00000
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy, OOO00O Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics 00000 fF
Expression, OOO0OO Melee. OOOOO Medicine 00000
Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. 00000 Occult. 00000
Streetwise. OOOOO Repair. OO0O0OO Politi 00000
Subterfuge 00000 - Stealth OOOOO Science. 00000

Backerounds Passions Atcanos
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 OOOOO §
00000 00000 00000 §
00000 00000 00000
00000 OO0O000 00000
00000 00000 OOO00O0

wooed fits spe COo scones lili poeoce reece (ittlil coos |
ooo0o0 MOOOOOO0O000
OO0000
00000
00000
O0000
O0000

Weapon Difficulty] Damage | Pathos.

_. Experiene POooo reoceo Pills como

OQOO0O0000000


Sle qhe Oblivion™
Pas Contacts

Guilds or Afiiations

ee ae eae Description ScCopwet coast coe oss ie

i Apparent Age:

Hair:

Eyes:

Race:

1 Gender:

Height:

1 Weight: Identifying Tatoos, Scars or Marks:
} Date of Birth:

Date of Death:

Total: [otal Spent:

Gained From: Spent On:

Gear (Caried) Equipment (Owned)

Artifacts

Description and Properties of Masks


Shadow

Psyche: Archetype:
Shadowguide Player:

Thorns Angst
OO000000000

OOO OOOO

Psyche Willpower

90000000000

Shadow

Psyche: Archetype:
Shadowguide Player:

Thorns Angst

Dark Passions
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Dark Passions
00000
00000
OO0000
00000
00000
OO0O000
00000

Wee o) ae)
Vesa PIU)


Lj
Fs eral eal sl elete

FFE SAE RSF RAZ IES

Printed in Canada

Signature of Attending Physician

Distinguishing Features or Marks:

Time of Death:

Signature of Attending Physician

iz

Name of Deceased:

M

Sex
Race:
Height:
Weight:
Hair:__
Eyes:,
Signature of Attending Physician

Description of the Deceased:
Description of Death:

Date of Death:
Cause of Death:
