# File: Wrath Players Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



The cold earth slept below;
Above the cold sky shone;
And all around,
With a chilling sound,
From caves of ice and fields of snow
The breath of night like death did flow
Beneath the sinking moon.

Thine eyes glowed in the glare
Of the moon's dying light;
Asa fen-fire's beam
On a sluggish stream
Gleams dimly — so the moon shone there,
And it yellowed the strings of thy tangled hair,
That shook in the wind of night.

The moon made thy lips pale, beloved;
The wind made thy bosom chill;
The night did shed
On thy dear head
Its frozen dew, and thou didst lie
Where the bitter breath of the naked sky
Might visit thee at will.

— Percy Bysshe Shelley, "The Cold Earth Slept Below"


Written by: Tim Akres, Nathaniel Barmore, Frank
Branham, Phil Brucato, Shawn Career, Jackie Cassada, Sam
CChupp, Jeff Combos, James Cosby, Richard Dakan, Rich-
ard Dansky, Geoffrey Fortier, Markleford Freidman, J. Lank
Hancock, Jennifer Hartshorn, Harry Heckel, Ian Lemke,
Jennifer Lindburg, Kalina Mercer, Paul Mercer, James A.
Moore, Heather Pritchett, Ethan Skemp, Matthew Skip-
per, Cynthia Summers, Allen Tower, Richard Watts,
Tecuwynn Woodruff and Chelsea Quinn Yarbro
Development by: Jennifer Hartshorn

ing by: Ethan Skemp

Art Direction by: Richard Thomas

Art by: Dave Allsop, Stuart P. Beel, Steve Casper, Mike
Danza, Brian Dugan, Darryl Elliot, Lee M. Fields, Anthony
Hightower (with apologies for leaving his name out of Sea
of Shadows), HJ. McKinney, E. Allen Smith, and Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook.

Cover Art: Henry Higgenbotham

Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and typesetting by: Kathleen Ryan

White Wolf, Inc. Executives
Mark Rein# Hagen and Stewart Wieck, Owners

Stephan Wieck, President

Wes Harris, Vice President of Contracts and Licensing
Michael Krause, Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Richard Thomas, Vice President of Production and Design
Ken Cliffe, Director of Development and Editing
Benjamin T. Monk, Jt, Controller

Rebecca Schaefer, Warchouse Manager

Call (404) 292-1819

Gane $1
©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Re-
production without written permission of the publisher
is expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews
Wraith: The Oblivion and Wraith Players Guide are
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised. PRINTED IN CANADA

Special Thanks to:
Mark "Smooth Talker" Rein* Hagen, for luring an un-
suspecting ingenue to her Vampiric doom...yeah, right!
Stewart "Full and Fine" Weick, for his juicy pomegranates.
‘Sam "Sugar Pumpkin" Chupp, for being Jen's.

Ben "Burger King" Monk, for regaling us with tales of
Stewart and Steve's adolescence.

Staley "Alpha Female" Krause, for being the first of us to.
produce a cub.

Rob "The Fiend" Hatch, for the deliciously foul sequel
wo Nosferatu.
Michelle "How's Tri:
snack food.

Mike "Big Daddy" Krause, for getting down and funky at
"The Chamber."

Wes "Marker" Harris, for his favorite TV show.

Oh Soon "Starry Night" Shropshire, who's se
‘even when she's at the office.

Emory "Meter Maid" Hester, for taking a pipe to the suits
from next door.

Lou ‘Mom" Locklear, for knowing where the bandaids:
and the paper towels are at all times.

Erin "Go Bragh" Kelly, for keeping the Irish spirit even
when it's not St. Paddy's Day.

Prabler, for her taste in crunchy

What's New With White Wolf

Ler's play musical developers! Jennifer Hartshorn,
the co-creator and developer of Wraith: The Oblivion,
will now be taking over the development of Vampire:
‘The Masquerade as Andrew Greenberg heads out to
brave the computer gaming frontier. Richard Dansky
in coming down south to join us as developer for
Wraith: The Oblivion. Good luck, and congratula-
tions everyone...we think!

Wraith Players Guide


Ghost Story: Staying, Late, at the Office
introduction

rails

With Society

he Dark Kingdoms
les

Arcanos

‘oleplaying

asic Arcanos Chart



"Ghos
aying, Late,

he worst part about the whole thing is,
Tve been dead for three weeks and I
still can't get out of the office. Pathetic,
isn't it?

Ie's ironic, I suppose. For three
months, I'd been attempting to work
up the guts to quit, but something always kepe me here. A
project that 1 was unwilling to leave unfinished. A last
press release that needed my touch. A kind word from my
boss. A kind word from anyone. Any excuse. Anything.
And now I'm dead, and I'm here, and it's too late.

I wander over to the bay windows that look out on
Newbury Street. There are three desks in the office com-
tion area, Jay's and Carrie's and my old one, and in the
dull red glow of the EXIT light they seem soft and rotten
Then again, everything here has that appearance, that
e wetness that promises to explode into stink at
Jhtest touch. The wood of the doors and cabinets,
isn't warped, it's swollen, fat with sweating moisture and
striped with cracks. The carpet was a nauseous green when
T worked here, but now it looks like it wants to glow like
foxfire or fungus. And the computers... don't want to talk
about what I see when I look at the monitors. Think about
it. Monitors by themselves aren't much, it's what they do.
They show you pictures, drawn with light.

Can you possibly imagine what rotted light looks like?
I don't have to, And | ended up talking about it anyway.

I like looking down at Newbury Street, once all the
people have left. I just curl up in the windowsill and look
‘out. Boston's Back Bay isn't all that old, but the buildings
were shaped so that they're eager to age. The crumbling

by Richard Dansky

e (iitice

bricks and leper gargoyles I s
comforting just to sit here and,
ing that deep down, this is the way they truly are. One
night I even worked myself up to slip down the street to
the store where they sell gargoyles to the Quick. Once I
walked through the door, it was like standing in the ruins
of Notre Dame, the day after the end of the world. I loved
it.I stayed all night, then scurried back to the office — |
refuse to call it "home" — just before dawn.

"That was two and a half weeks ago, and Ihaven't been. 9B
back since. Ridiculous, | know, but it just didn't feel right. 1
was a visitor there, maybe even a welcome one, but I just
didn't belong. I'm stronger here, more in touch with what I
am now. [ wish it were different. I hate this place, but every-
where else would be worse. At leas, thas what I'm afraid of.

"There go the troops again. They march past every three
hours, on the hour, starting at sundown. I've never seen §
them as much as a minute late. Three o'clock, and the
march of the dead soldiers means that all's well for some-
body. There's twenty of them, strung out double file and
wearing the oddest hodgepodge of uniforms I seen.
The two who run at the front are dressed like Roman le-
gionnaires, and they seem to be in charge of the redcoats,
doughboys, and whatever else trots behind them, When
they come along, you can see the other faces, the dead ones,
pull back from the windows. Oh yes, there's a lot of other
ghosts on Newbury Street. Most of them are even brave
enough to wander out on occasion, but when they hear 9 i
the feet pounding up from the Common, they disappear
like crabs after the tide. Very few of my neighbors stay out
to greet the troops as they stomp by, and I've noticed from.

Ghost Story


mmy perch thar those who do are not liked by the rest of the
Restless Dead. Ghostly geeks, as it were, or perhaps this is
just some post-mortem version of hating the teacher's pet.
Damned if| know, and damned if I'm going to set foot out
there to find out. It's just not worth that much.

Once the soldiers actually stopped. It was a week af-
ter I found myself here and started playing spectator that
‘one of the dead folks I'd been watching stayed out a little
too long. She ws one of the more popular of the folks on
the street, and I wish I'd had the chance to meet her. I'd
been working myself up to it, actually. She'd seen me at
the window once and smiled, and all of a sudden I realized
how alone I was in here. She was pretty, oo. Long blonde
hur, green eyes, always ort of half-smiling and looking at
her watch. I guess her watch was always off, and one day it
was alittle too far off, and they caught het. I couldn't hear
what was said from up here, burt at first it just looked like
they were going to give her a hard time. You know, show
off the shiny uniforms and the shiny swords and throw
their weight around. There wasa little pushing, and a little
shoving, and a whole lot of jawing that obviously wasn't
having the desired effect on her. But then one of the
redcoats tried co play a little grab-ass with her. I mean, the
man's been dead two centuries and he was trying to play
arab-ass. Why? He was dead, and she was dead — we're ll
dead — what the hell is the poine of using your big shiny
badge to get laid once you're dead? It was sickening. And
she tumed around, once he'd pinched her ass and was
standing there laughing, and tore his arm off.

He looked surprised, as shining plasm poured out of
the hole in his shoulder, and then the rest of them got
into it. She never stood a chance, not against nineteen of
them, and it was over fast. Right before the end, she started

‘There was a bus and then there was a blur. I was cross
ing the street after picking up lunch fora couple of my co-
workers at the bagel place, and then all of a sudden there
was a bus filling my field of vision. It almost didn't have
time to hurt, and I remember wondering how Marian was
J going to get her lunch, since my legs didn't seem to work
any more. Then there were sirens, and it got cold and dark
very quickly.

Those first few hours were surreal. Everything was
blurred, cloudy, bur at the same time too bright. It was
like wearing frosted glass contacts, but the blur was out-
fe me. I know. | touched it.I felt it. Six hours later, I tore
0 this thing surrounding me and found myself at my
desk, shreds of something soft and milky, like petals, on
the floor.

‘Someone had already tuken the computer and the
printer out of my work area. It figured.

Wraith Players Guide

OQ Ps,

shrieking. There weren't any words to it, it was just a scream
that went on and on and on, and it made some of them
collapse like their batteries had run out. Then one of the
Romans stepped up to her and simply ripped her face off
He reached up and, that fast ripped her whole face off.
Her body collapsed immediately, spilling that same fluid
that had poured out of the soldier. The Roman held up
her face for a minute, then tucked it into his belt. I could
still hear the screaming until after they'd tured to cross
the river. It was a very, very long time before the shrieking
stopped. It was even longer before the other ghostly in-
habitants of Newbury Street came back out again.

‘At least, that was my theory. I don'e actually know
how long it took them to come back out, because I was
too afraid to sit in the window for days afterwards. I was
afraid thar the soldiers would see me there, the way she'd
seen me there, and come in after me. I was afraid —I am
afraid, of that man reaching up to me and tearing off my
face, and then letting me scream and scream and scream.
Eventually I worked up the guts to climb back into the
window, just for a peek, and I noticed that it was business
as usual out on the street. It was like she'd never existed.
wish I'd had the chance to meet her.

What I can't understand, though, is that no one else
came to help her. These were people, pardon, ghosts, who
knew her. Who talked to her. Who, according to every
thing I could see, liked her. And yer they stayed inside
and only the brave ones even watched at the windows.
They could have come outside. They could have helped
her. There are enough of us here to have stomped 19-and-
2/3 soldiers. Why didn't they do it?

Wait a minute. Why didn't I do it? God. I hate this
place.

tt So +

Iedidn't take me that long to figure out I was a wraith.
I've been collecting stories of this sort of thing for years.
The Green Street Ghost in Jamaica Plain, the Black Ship
off Gloucester, | ate all of that stuff up when I was alive. Ie
even made sense, in a way, that someone so interested in
ghosts should get a litele experience at it himself. I hadn't
expected things to look so decayed, though. My first guess,
judging from the condition of the office, was that this was
fifty years after I'd died. | mean, everything looked thread-
bare and rotted. It still does, for that matter.

‘One look at acalendar ruined that hypothesis, though
Ik was 1994. October 23, 1994, to be precise, some num-
ber of years to the day after Ray Bradbury sent Cooger and
Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show to let us know Some-
thing Wicked this way came. I loved that book, and I found
myself thinking that it was a very good day to become a
ghost, to just float free of responsibility and wrap myself in.


darkness for all eternity. Then I caught myself and remem-
bered thar it may have been a good day to become a ghost,
but it was a really rotten day to dic. | hadn't wanted to die
yet. [hadn't hated my job enough to want todie to get out
of it. Ar least, I didn't chink I had. Certain of my motiva-
tions had gotten frayed at the edges.

The true puzzler is why I'm here. I hate this place. I'd
only been employed here for half a year before the bus hit
me, not long enough, | think, to have let it become so
important. Six months shouldn't have been enough to tie
me here forever. Six months of hating the place morning
and night, yes, but is that enough to trap me here for eter-
nity? It's not like I'm Anne Boleyn and they chopped off
my head here. Ie' not like I'm Old Hamlet, and my secre-
tary poured hemlock in my car at lunch. It's not like I died
here, for God's sake.

Lery not to think about it. When I'm not looking out
the window, | just wander around the office, trying to avoid
staring too hard ar the monitors. Most evenings, lend up
looking at the map that hangs on the office wall and try-
ing to trace mountains and rivers I never had a chance to.
sce. Occasionally I think I do feel the paper under my fin-
gers, but che feeling always vanishes. I can walk through
doors, but I can't touch them. It's maddening.

In any case, I do spend a lor of evenings staring at the
map. Ie' full of pins with big red and blue heads, marking
where my former employer has offices and where he in-
tends conquer next. In truth, it makes it look like America's
come down with a sore of skin disease that's spreading.
This ching's appearance hasn't improved since I died, e
ther. Still, it's one of the few things in the office that I can
stand to look at for more than a solid minute. There are
wonderful places and names on the map, places I never
would have had time even to notice while I was alive.
Now I know where the Chocolate Mountains and the
Snake River are. There's a place called Truth or Conse-
quences out there, and I spent hours staring at that spot
‘on the map, wondering what the story behind the name
could be. The only things that ruin the map for me are
those pins.

They're everywhere, rotten red and bloated blue, and
they incerrupt any pleasure I can possibly derive from the
thing. | trace the graceful line of a river down from Canada,
and before I go two inches, there's pin. Boston is fenced
in with them. Philadelphia is impaled. Everywhere I look,
those pins are there, making the map writhe underneath
them. Ie's hateful, and I hate the fact that can keep walk-
ing after I'm dead, but I can't pull out one goddamn little
pin.

Did one of them just twitch? Yes! The one marking
St. Louis, the company's next intended target, is shaking.
Ie twitches, and | can see the red ball wobble as it starts to
work free. Come on! I scream at it, not caring ifthe ghosts

in the street hear me. Come out you sonofabitch! I'm shout-
ing and stomping, and it shakes back and forth, back and
forth, wearing a groove in the map. I know this will piss
off my former boss to no end, and the thought makes the
pin rock even faster. It's still missing something, however.
My hate of this place isn't enough. My hate for that par-
ticular pin isn't even enough. I need more.

1 close my eyes and reach forward for the map, still
willing the pin to come to me. Ie will come. It will leave
the map. I will come to my hand. It will come.

There is a shock of pain, and my eyes open. The pin
has come. [e's stuck through my palm. It hurts like hell,
but I stare laughing. The first of my very own stigmata, in
the name of a clean map. Suddenly, that's not so funny. I
turn back to the map, and tell the rest of the pins to come
to me. I don't close my eyes this time; I don't need to,
Now I know I can make them move.

‘One by one, they start shaking. One by one, they ly
free, somehow reversing themselves in midair, and one by
‘one, they embed themselves in my outstretched right hand.
Each one hurts, and I fall to my knees. That shining fluid
is running down my arm now, and still the pins are
\. San Francisco harpoons the fleshy part of my thumb.
Wheeling spears my love line. Boston lands at the very
end of my life line, and I give a ragged little laugh. The
pins go deep, and still I will them to keep coming. Out in
the street someone is singing, and still I keep the pins com-
ing. The singing gets louder and louder, and all of a sud-
den I realize that there's no new pain. I look up, and the
‘map is clear. Pockmarked with holes, perhaps, but clear of
pins. [look down at my hand and wonder. Ie' spined with
steel slivers, asthe red and blue balls ll scem to have bro- 9
ken off from the steel spines of the pins. I take a deep
breath, and, slowly and deliberately, I curn my palm to the
floor and press as hard as I can. Maybe if I have the cour-
age to do this to myself, I can work up the guts to leave
this building. What they did co that girl can't be any more
horrible than what I'm doing to myself. 1 keep pressing
down and down, and then it gets to be too much and |
start screaming.

From somewhere outside, through the night, I hear
an answering scream. It sounds like it's coming from far
away, maybe from across the river. It sounds like it might
be her. [life myself up now, and stagger to my feet. My arm,
is wet, but I've stopped leaking. The pins have gone all
the way through my hand and as I flex my fingers, I see
that I've spined my hand with steel. If had blood, it would
be ringing in my ears right now.

I turn from the map and walk over to the window.
The singing has stopped, but my shriek is still echoing
between the buildings. | look out atthe street full of won-
dering ghosts, and promise myself that I will find a way to
meet her. Soon.



he information in this book is focused on
helping you to make more complete
Wraith characters. Sections such as the
| chaprers dealing with the Dark Kingdoms

‘or wraith society can open up whole new

ways of playing, and s
cr subplots to your existing game.

But the most important thing to rem
‘guidelines and suggestions in this book are just
rot gospel. Ghost stories evolved from a largely oral tradi-
tion, und like the stories that came before, you should al
ways feel that your version of the ghost story can become
anything you want it to be. This Players Guide will hope-
fully provide you with some new ideas and spur you on to
create stories that are uniquely your own.

Chapter Onet Traits contains new Merits, Flaws and
Abilities to help personalize your character.

Chapter Two:
of Wraith's three

ory and culture

asa whole.

Mark Kingdoms. And you thought
Sheesh. Game background draw-
fh mythological traditions of ghosts in Asia,
. Africa, the Caribbean, Polynesia, India and

ing on the
Mesoa
Australi

Chapter Four: Rules. Fetters, Passions, new uses for
old ab icking and when to not use numbers and
dice

‘Chapter Five: Arcanos. New Arcanos, as well as new
ways to look ar che old and familiar arts.

Chapter Six: Roleplaying. Ideas
der from players, Storytellers and w:

ad points to pon-
ers of Wraith

roductio

T'll never forget when time held its breath
‘No sound at all, the cold kiss of death
—Trio Nocturna,

ong for Azrael"

Setting the Scene

While evei
the follow
useful "homewor

chronicle will have a different feel to it,
few books and films that

for any Wraith game. Players should
hhave as much a voice in shaping the look
chronicle as the Storyteller, so don't hes
ways to make the game more fun for ev

Recommended films

The Crow: A White Wolf favorite and the ultimate
Wraith movie. Plenty of angst, atmosphere and Gothic-
Punk decay. If you want a view of the World of Darkness,
there is no better one than this.

id feel of a

to suggest
yone involved!

offers worm's eye view 0
plete with hassled bu
— the house. Well done and worth seeing

The Changeling: The story of one wraith's vengeance
upon the world. This film shows the influence that a pow:
erful ghost can have on the material world. Very good film:

strong mood, excellent cinematography and suspense,

Jacob's Ladder:

One of the most intelligent horror
th and thougheful, this hypnotic trip
through modern Shadowlands is not a ghost story in the
traditional sense, but evokes the real ature of
the Tempest. A bit slow for some, but highly recommended.

The high-gloss poor cousin to Jacob's Lad-
isn't bad. The cast, while a bit shallow, are
t and the film has its moments. Especially ¢
cers her dead


Ghost: Although it's exceedingly Hollywood, it's good
Hollywood. Many Wraith themes and features are here;
skinriding, Spectres, insubstantiality and more. Veers from,
borderline farce to romance to creepy horror. Also check
‘out Truly, Madly, Deeply, a similar British film with a fan-
tastic cast.

Poltergeist: The touching tale of a nice family, a
haunt, and some truly pissed-off Spectres. The ending isa
bit over the cop, but the film is generally solid and has,
plenty of ideas for wild Wraith chronicles. Ignore the se-
quels; they reek.

Ghost Story: Although this film, like many others, is
told from the perspective of the living, this adapration of
Peter Straub's novel (also recommended) offers good ex-
nples of a wraith, her Fetters, and some nasty Arcanos in
action.

Dreamscape: Another film that, while it has nothing
todo with ghosts (other th men), captures the at-
mosphere of the Shadowlands. Enjoyable overall, with

C few really good moments
} ‘The Shining: The film has little to do with the book,

but both have a lot to offer. While Stephen King's novel
stands as one of the
fiction, Stanley Kubrick's film goes for a more psychologi-
cal approach. Both present chilling visions of the Restless
Dead and their effects on the living.
Ghostbusters:
story has plenty to recommend
<== script and some amusing Arcanos in the bargain.
== The Evil Dead, I and Ul
really low-budget and kind of silly,
of a haunted house
Arcanos and a few truly unsettling moments. The fist is
serious, the second a comedy, and both are worth watch-
ing. The third installment, Army of Darkness, is the best of
the lot, but isn't really a Wraith story
Gothic: Ken Russell's demented retell
tics that inspired three of the Romanti
ential artists — Lord Byron, Mary Wollstonecraft and Per
Shelley. While this film has itele wo do with gh
hhasa lotto offer Wraith fans in terms of atmosphere, mad-
ness and a spectrum of horrors. Highly recommended.

eatest ghost tales in the history of

it's silly, but this lunatic ghost
ood cast, hilarious

though these films are
wm Raimi's ewin ta

one berserk exhibit some startli

from the book. It's still one of the best atmospheric piec

especially for chronicles set in the actual "Gothic" perio.
‘The Lady in White: An obvious movie to bring up when

discussing ghost stories. An excellent study in Ferters.

Wraith Players Guide
a

i Lovecraft, H.P. — Dagon and Other Macabre Tales,
Reading Bloodcurdling Tales of Horror and the Macabre. F
There are thousands of really good ghost stories out _ this stuff. Nuff said.
ch Poe, Edgar Allen. American Gothic at its
Straub, Peter — Ghost Story, If You Could
iceberg; there is Now. If You Could See Me Now, one of Straub's earlier
L out there for Wraith players and Story- works, seems like a al for the later book (see films).
tellers Both are worth checking out.

Jackson, Shirley — The Haunting of Hill House. Turner, Alice — A History of Hel
One of the greatest ghost tales of the modern era. Atmo-
spheric, well-crafted and eerie. Underworl
Stephen —Danse Macabre, The Shining. The sadistically o
el is mentioned above in the film section; Danse rope
however, is a nonfiction book about horror and Ws
the mass media. Both are excellent

there, and many other nonfiction works that app
wandering souls from reality's perspec:
tioned below are only the tip of a

plenty of mate

The books

A comprehen-
sept of the dark
from the gloomy ancient underworlds to the @

\d easy-to-read overview of the co

Hells of medieval and Renaissance Eu-
id the reformist concept of Purgatory. A must for
Storytellers.

Introduction 2B


his Book contains Traits for Weaith
characters: new Abilities and Back- 1
adow Archetype

negory, Merit
ese Traits may be used to

wv create character in Wraith, you
oints to assign to whatever Traits you like
re your character the finishing touches that
que. The optional system of Merits and Flaws

in order to

ce her un
Flav expands on
new characters oF to spice up existing your charac
‘ones, with the Storyteller's approval Merits

The usual rules for character creation still a
regard to thes

his idea, allowing you to further persor

ay be purchased only with freebie points and
ply in only during character conception. Flaws provide additional
offerings. Many of these Merits, Flaws and freebies to spend, again, only during initial conception.
Abilities originated in Werewolf, Mage or Vampire, al- You may take iximum of seven points of Fl limit-
though many have been reworked to apply to wraiths. Sto- ing potential freebie points to a total of 22. Some Merits
rytellers and players should feel free to allow or disallow — and Flaws have variable point costs; the

aits offer more

anycor all of these Traits in their games. options for character creation.
, Merits and Flaws are provided to flesh out a ch

and add new story hooks and details, not to allow

chines. Players should make sure that the Storyteller al-

lows these options in the chronicle before creating char-

crits and Flaws are new character Traits

xd these options. Each chronicle i
and unique, so there is no telling what restri
or changes the Storyteller has in mind. There is no right
or wrong way, only ways that work for everyone concerned.

add color and flavor to your Wraith
hhronicle. Merits provide characters
with some benefit, while Flaws act to

e beyond
lash of style; others could unbalance
ly change its
s will shape a character's destiny and any
relationships he or she has.

a chronicle or comple: ction. Powerful

Merits or


Psychological

These Merits and Flaws deal with the psychological
makeup of your character, and may describe ideals, moti-
vations or pathologies. Some psychological Flaws can be
temporarily ignored by spending a Willpower point, and
ae so noted. Ifyou possess such a Flaw and do not roleplay
it when the Storyteller thinks you should, then she may
tell you that you have spent a point of Willpower for the
effort. Flaws cannot be conveniently ignored.

Code of Honor (point Mei)

Youhave a personal code of ethies to which youstrictly
adhere. You can automatically resist most temprations that
would bring you in conflict with your code. When bat-
Uling supernatural persuasion (Mind magick, vampiric
Domination, etc.) that would make you violate your code,
cither you gain three extra dice to resist or your opponent's
difficulties are increased by two (Storyteller's choice). You
must construct your own personal code of honor in as much
detail as you can, outlining the general rules of conduct by
which you abide.

bigher Purpose: I point Mei)

Ill wraiths have "reason to live," but you have a spe-
cial commitment to it. Your chosen goal drives and directs
you in everything. You do not concern yourself with petty
matters and caazal concems, because your higher purpose
is everything. Though you may sometimes be driven by
this purpose and find yourself forced to behave in ways.
contrary to the needs of personal survival, itcan also grant
you great personal strength. You gain two extra dice on
any roll that has something to do with this higher pur-
pose. You need to decide what your higher purpose is. Make
sure you talk it over with the Storyteller first. Storytellers
should consider carefully whether or not this will make a
character with already high Passions too powerful before
sreeing to allow this Merit. (If you have the Flaw Driv-
ing Goal, listed below, you cannot take this Merit.)

Aaliction: (+2 point law)

While most addictions are tied to the weaknesses of
the flesh and therefore not a concern to the Restless Dead,
it is possible to form a paychological addiction to a thing or
even a person. Because these addictions are psychological,
they may be easier to overcome than a physical
dependency...though given the passionate nature of most
wraiths, even apeychological addiction can be hard to shake.

If, for whatever reason, you are denied access to the
person or object, you lose the numberof dice equal to the
level of your addiction (one or two) from all Dice Pools

Wraith Players Guide

until you receive your "fix." If you are deprived of contact
with the person or object for an extended length of time,
you will be forced ro make a Willpower check (difficulty
of 4 for the first day, + 1 for each additional day). If you
fail, you will forgo everything and forcibly go seeking the
object of your desire.

Compulsion: (I point flaw)

You have a paychological compulsion of some sort,
which can cause you a number of different problems. Your
compulsion may be for cleanliness, perfection, bragging,
stealing, gaming, exaggeration or just talking. A compul-
sion can be temporarily avoided at the cost of Willpower
point, but it isin effect at all other times.

Dark Secret: I point flan)

You have some sort of secret that, if uncovered, would
be of immense embarrassment to you and would make you
a pariah among your peers. This can be anything from
having consigned a Gaunt to Oblivion to having once
fallen toa Spectre's temptations. While this secret weighs
‘on your mind at all cimes, it will only surface in occasional
stories. Otherwise, it will begin to lose its impact. This
secret may or may not be tied to one of your Fetters.

Echoes ofthe Past: (13 points)

You are unwilling to leave your life in the Skinlands
behind you. This compulsion is so powerful that it actu-
ally has a physical manifestation in the personal haunt of
wraith. In its simplest form (one point), itcan be a scent
which was important to you while alive. Perhaps itis the
smell of the lilac perfume you wore, the roses you tended,
Cora whiff ofthe gin with which you drank yourself to death.
Anyone present in the haunt may make a Perception roll
difficulty 6) to notice this.

The next level of this Flaw (two points) deals with
sounds. Noises connected to your mortal days can be heard.
in the haune (difficulty 6), and faintly outside the haunt
(difficulty 8). Melodies, gentle sobbing, and the high, evil
lile of a child's laughter are typical examples.

The third level (three points) is the most complex
and spectacular. In this incamation, the manifestation is
visual. Soft glows akin to candles might be seen radiating
in and out of the haunt (difficulty 6). Sometimes, images
might be seen out of the comer of the eye (ie., the image
of an important Fetter)

The obvious danger ofthis flaw is that the Quick might
be able co tell when a wraith is "at home," since the flaw
conly comes into play when the wraith isin her Haunt. Any
number of actions might occur after such a discovery...


Note that the wraith is
festations occur. Sh
those who see th

tions ate tied to
allow you t
auditory, oF olf

one effect — i.e., visual
visual,

intolerance; (I point flaw)

You

thie roll determined by the Seocyclle. Ifyou fll the
roll, you must retreat from the object

Shy: (point flan)
You are distinctly ill at ease w
of INPHOBIA or tissue,
effect on play in most chronicles. The Storyteller is the
fisul uibltet on whac youtcan pic. vo Gulike

Overconident: (i point fa

of any sort it

your curios
convincing
enough, you can infect others with your overconfidence.


crease the difficulty to 9 for things like "I'll just peek into

thal's library — no one will know. What could

ly go wrong

Obsesion: (2 point Flaw)

omething you like, love or are fascinated by

where you often disregard common sense to

J to your obsession, even if i's not in your best inter-
ests. For example, if you are obsessed with supernatural
creatures, you will go out of your w:

friend vampires, werewolves

mut as much as you can about them, disreg:
ings. If you are obsessed with Elvis, you have your house
decorated with velvet paintings and annoy your friends

with your constant talk about the King. You don't neces-
sarily believe that Elvis is still alive, but you buy every
supermarket tabloid that carries an article about h

any-
any other obsessions, including British
knives, football, rolep!
As with the Merit: H
must be careful that a wraith with this Merit

and high Passions does not grow too powerful.

Vengeance: (2 point Fla)

You have a score to settle — a Circle was wiped out, a
friend was corrupted, a parent was slain...whatever. You
absessed with wreaking vengeance on the guilty party
Revenge is your first priority i
for vengeance can only be overcome
even then, it only
yt
it easy. This is another Merit that the Story-
teller must carefully monitor to ensure it isn't abused by

linki

Driving Goal: 6 point flaw)

You have a

way. There a
Royale

R all situations. The need
spending Will

1¢ your revenge, but the Storyteller

g it wo strong Passions.

sonal goal, which sometimes compels
and directs you in startling ways. The goal is always limit-
er tru ve it. It could

less in depth, and you can
be to eradi Ai
ment. Because

chy or achieve total enlighten-
st work toward your goal ehrc

out the chronicle (though you can avoid it for short pe
ods by spending Willpower), it will get you into trouble
and may jeopardize other actions. Choose your driving goal
carefully, as it will direct and focus everything your char-
acter does. Storytellers should be cautious 0 not allow

Driving Goals which are identical to strong Passions pos-
sessed by the character (sound familiar?)

flashbacks: (i point lan)

You are prone to flashbacks if you are in
pressure situations or circumstances that are si
trauma that caused the flashback itself. The flashback does,
not have to be combat-oriented; either positive or nega:
tive stimulation could result in a flashback episode. Emo-
tional anxiety and stress are the usual catalysts for the flash-
backs to begin. Flashing back to a good and happy vision

can be just as dangerous or distracting as suddenly flashing
to being surrounded by demons. The flashbacks can be
caused by almost any tra extended combat
‘or events similar to those in which you died. During the
flashback, you are not aware of what is really around you.
Even people speaking to you will be viewed as people or
objects from the vision. You can mistake men for women,

people for animals and even inanimate objects for people.
To you, reality has shifted, and you are back there again.

Hatred: (3 point flaw)

You ha
This hate isto

n unreasoning hatred of a certain thing.
and largely uncontrollable. You may hate

a species of animal, a class of person, a situation or just
about anything else, and you constantly pursue opportu:
nities to harm the hated object or to gain power over it

lifesaver (point fla)

You believe that human life is a sacred gift and will
ke a person's life of consign a Restless soul to Oblivion
ept in the most extreme of circumstances. You may not
ever willingly endanger the lives of innocents or in any
way participate in a killing. You have no problems with
killing animals (for the right reasons), and will kill evil
and inhuman creatures such as Spectres to protect ot
if necessary. (Be very careful, however, with your det
tion of "evil"...) Senseless death in all forms repulses you,
and you feel that murderers should be punished and stopped.

Phobia Severe: (point flaw)

You have an overpowering fear of something. C
mon objects of fear include certain animals, insects, crowds,
sand so on. You must

hot

open spaces, confined spaces, heig
make a Willpower roll not to freak out when faced with
the object of your fear. The difficulty depends on the cir-
cumstances. If you fail the roll, you must retreat in terror
from the object of fear. If you score less than three suc-
cesses, you will not approach it. The Storyteller has final
say over which phobias are allowed in a chronicle.


Lightning Calculator: (I point Mert)

You have a natural affinity with numbers and a talent

shmetic, making you a natural when work
s or betting at the racetracks. The diffi-
y two. Another

powerful weapon; quitks should be considered carefully

Common Sense: (I point Mei)

You

wisdom,

culties of all relevant rolls ar
for this ability,

trary to

from the Storyteller concerning what you
can and cannot do, and (even more importantly) what

you should and should not do.

Alertness roll, you

K Concentration: point Merit pee en ee a nate

You have the ability to focus your mind and shut out _ the difficulty of such a feat would be high). Five suc
enable you to re -ctly: the Storyteller re-

any distractions or annoyances, above and beyond normal
wraithly discipline. Any penalty to difficulty or Dice Pool _ lates to you exa as seen or heard,
roma distraction or o ous circumstance

sd to two points or
gained ifonly one penalty

or difficulty point is imposed.

20 Wraith Players Guide

iron Wil: (4 point Merit)

When you are determined and your mind is set, noth-
ing can divert you from your goals. You cannot be Domi-
nated by vampires, and weaiths and mages using mental
attacks against you gain an additional + 3 to their difficul-
ties if you are aware of them and resisting. However, the
additional mental defense costs you one Willpower per
turn, Even if you are unaware of them, mages and wraiths
seeking to influence you with magick or Arcanos such as

. However, this Merit
and will grant no ben-
1 own Shadows.

Intimation add + 1 to their difficulei
only applies to outside influence:
efits to wraiths trying to resist th

Sell-confdent: (6 point Merit)

When you spend a point of Willpower to gain an au
. your self-confidence may allow you to gain
the benefit of that expenditure without actually losing the
Willpower point. When you declare that you are using @
point of Willpower and roll for successes, you do not lose
the point of Willpower unless you fail. This will aso pre
ant you from botching, but only if you declare that you
¢ spending the Willpower point before you roll. This
only be used when you need confidence in your
abilities in order to succeed. You can use it only when the
difficulty of your rol issix or higher. You may spend Will-
power at other times; however, if the difficulty is five or
less, the Merit: Self-Confidence will not help you.

Confused: (2 point flan)

You are often confused, and the world seems to be a
very distorted and twisted place. Sometimes you are sim-
ply unable to make sense of things. You need to roleplay
this behavior all the time to.a small degree, but your con
lly strong whenever stimuli surround
you (such as when a number of different people talk all at
once, oF you enter a nightclub with loud pounding mu
sic). You may spend Willpower to override the effects of
only tempor:

fusidin becomes espe

your confusion,

Abvent-Minded: @ point Flaw)

ay not be taken with the Merit: -
tration, Though you do not forget such things as
Ils, you do forget such things as names,
ist time you gained Pathos. In order to
more than your own name, your Fet-

n of your Haunt, you need to make a
Wits roll or, as a last resort, spend a Willpower point.

Amnesia: (3 point Fla)

You are unable to remember anything about your
mortal life. Your past is a blank slate, and may come back
to haunt you. You may or may not know where all your
Ferters are; you likely will nor know why they are so im-
portant. Similarly, you may have a vague concept of your
Passions, but know nothing of the specifics. (You may, if
you wish, take up to four other points of Flaws without
specifying what they are. The Storyteller can supply the
details. Over the course of the chronicle, you and your
character will slowly discover them. Amnesia can be a
dangerous Flaw for wraiths; your Storyteller is under no
obligation to be merciful.)

Aptitudes

These Merits and Flaws establish your w
nodify the effec

ths spe
cial capacities and abilities, o
en of your wraith's other Traits

Ammbidextrous: (I point Mert)

You have a high degree of off-hand dexterity and ean
perform tasks with the "wrong" hand at no penalty: The
normal penalty for using both hands at once to perform
different tasks (such as fighting with a weapon in each
hand) is at a + | difficuley for the "right" hand and a + 3
difficulty for the other hand.

Computer Aptitude: (point Merit)

You have a nan
ficulties of all rolls to rep
reduced by two. This is espe
anyone possessing Inhabit

Crack Driver: (point Merit)

You have a natural affinity with driving motori
wheeled vehicles, such as cars, 1 even t
tors. The difficulties of all rolls requiring risky or espe
cially difficult driving maneuvers are reduced by wo. How-
+, unless you possess a relic vehicle, this Merit may not
beas beneficial to you in death as it may have been in life. §

Mechanical Aptitude: I point Meri)

You ally adept with all kinds of mechanical
es (note that this apritude does not extend to elec-
tronic devices, such as computers). The difficulties ofall
dice rolls to understand, repair or operate any kind of me-
chanical device are reduced by two. However, this Merit
doesn't help you drive any sort of

nity with computers, 0 the dif-
if, construct or operate them are
ally handy for Artificers or


Natural Lingus: (2 point Meri)

You have a flair for languages. This Merit does not
allow you ro learn more languages than the number per-
mitced by your Linguistics score, but you may add three
dice to any Dice Pool involving languages (both written
and spoken).

Daredexi: (3 point Meri)

You are good at raking risks, and are even better at
surviving them. All difficulties are one less whenever you
try something particularly dangerous, and you can ignore
cone botch result when you roll "ones" on such actions (you
can cancel a single "one" that is rolled, as if you have an
extra success). This isa particularly appropriate for those
wraiths who met their demise 1s a result of their own reck-
less behavior.

fast Leaner: (point Mer)

You learn very quickly, and pick up on new things
faster than most. You gain one extra experience point at
the conclusion of each story (not each game session).

jack-OF l-frades: (point Mei)

You have a large pool of miscellancous skills and
knowledge obtained through your extensive travels, the
jobs you've held, or just all-around know-how. You auto-
lly have one dot in all Skill and Knowledge Dice
Pools. This is an illusory level, used only to simulate a
wide range of abilities. If the character trains or spends:
ce in the Skill or Knowledge, ‘must pay the

point cost forthe first level a "second time" before raising
the Skill or Knowledge to two dots.

inept: (point flax)

You are not attuned to your natural aptitudes, and
therefore have five less points to spend on your Talents
(so the most you could take on your talents would be 8,
and the least would be 0). Of course, you can still spend
freebie points to take Talents. However, you cannot, at
the start of the game, have any Talent at level three or
higher.

Uneducated: (5 point flan)

Bec you have never been to school, you have five
less points to spend on your Knowledge abilities (so the
most you could take would be 8, and the least would be 0).
OF course you can still spend freebie points to take
Knowledges. Howeve ou cannot, at the start of the game,
ive any Knowledge at level three or higher.

22 Wraith Players

Unskiled: 6 point Flaw)

Youhave never trained extensively in any skill or raft,
and therefore have five less points to spend on your Skills
(Go the most you could take on your skills would be 8, and
the least would be 0). Of course, you can sill spend free-
bie points to take Skills. However, you cannot, a the start
of the game, have any Skills a level three or higher.

Corporeal

‘When a wraith forms a Corpus in the Underworld, all
physical characteristics are left behind with the earthly
body. However, a wraith's Corpus can possess its own
strengths and weaknesses, as illustrated by these Merits
and Flaws.

Fl of Lf: (4 point Mert)

You were always vibrant, energetic, and full of life when,
you were alive. This serves you well in death, as your maxi-
mum Corpus is higher than that of most wraiths. For each
point that you invest in this Merit, you may have one more
‘Corpus Level than usual. The only drawback to this Merit
isthat when you are above 10 Corpus Levels, you will seem
somewhat more real and almost alive to other wraiths. This
may keep you from hiding in a crowd, and may spoil any
attempt at cloaking or disguising your identity.

Naleable (point Merit)

Your Corpus is easily manipulated, giving you a - 2
difficulty on any of the arts of Moliate. Unfortunately, this
also means that difficulties to use the art Rend on you are
likewise reduced.

Diserbodied: 6 pont Mert)

You have completely forsaken the idea of a physical
body and exist in the Shadowlands asa drifting voice. You
‘can use Arcanos, but may not manipulate physical objects
in any way. Simply cross out your Physical attributes. You
may be harmed, however by Arcanos that affect your Cor-
pus, and by certain artifacts. Obviously, you may never
have possessions of any type unless you can convince some-
cone to carry them around for you.

The main drawback of being disembodied is that you
may not affect the Skinlands in any physical way. You can-
not use Embody, Inhabit, Moliate, Outrage, or Pandemo-
nium Arcanos.


to yun J, this can be

Linited lfeight (2 wit flaw)

Your difficulty to use Lifesigh
to your inability life pate

Linited Deahsight (2 point flan)

Your difficulty t ath
due to your inabili
behind.

ing: (2 point Flaw )

power than they actually

Fragile Corpus @ point flaw)

he flub-up, and it


Wie

Ties
These Merits and Flaws d
society, but also with the relat

ly with Underworld
od and bad) that
of the mortal world.

wraiths can develop with resi

Heretic Boon: (13 point Mer)

ven Heretical Cult rewarded you
ed. The power in this depends on
number of things (with

hierarchy Boon: (4 point Neri

You received
Hierarchy in exch

i)

it, or it may

‘om one to four points,
through Hierarchy

er levels grantin,

led areas and higher levels even allowing you to

carry darksteel

Reregade Boon 3 pint Mert)

‘You have somehow earned a boon froma certain group

Nortal Companion:

X

attunement normally. Of course, thi
wwe to be a liability when e

friendship as a threat or a bargaining ch

Reputation: (2 point Merit)

You have

against you,

ood reputation among the wraiths of el

wehy, Heretic or Ren factions. It may
your Mentor. Add three

Vraith Players Gi

dice to any Dice Pools involving social dealings with oth-
ers of the faction. A wraith with this Merit may not take
the Flaw: Notoriety.

Werewolf /Vampire/Nage/Changeling Companion:
6 point Meri)

You have a friend and ally who just happens to be a
supernatural creature, such as a vampire, werewolf, mage
or changeling. Though you may call on this being
of need, she also has the right co call upon you

you are friends. Neither your kind nor hers appreciate such
a relationship; while wraiths deal with other supernatural
beings on a fairly regular bass, all sides share a healthy dis-
trust of each other. Your friend will not become a walking
Pathos battery for greedy wraiths. Such relationships often
end badly.... The Storyteller will create the character in
question, and will not reveal its full powers and potencies.

Psychic Aly: (4 point Merit)

Someone you knew in life is "sensitive" to your pres-
ence, and can tell when you ere near, even in the
Shadowlands. This person does not suffer from the Fog
where you are concerned (though the normal penalties
apply for other wraiths), can communicate with you
could likely be of as 2 to you in numerous ways.
However, you must also watch out for this person, as any
‘enemies you make in the Shadowlands might wish to see
him suffer for aiding you.

Enemy: (5 point Flaw)

Sometime in your life, of after your death for that
‘atthe you offended an‘unknosn being with the power
grief. This entity could be an enlightened
mortal, a vampire, a mage, or even a demon. Whatever
ith the being's manipula-
ui harm. These attempts can.
range from minor inconveniences all the way to attempts
to Kelp jour Shadow gain dominance and sending Spec
tres after you. You may not even know just what itis that
is going out of ics way to hurt you. You and the Storyteller
should discuss the severity of your enemy's hatred and
whether or not you are aware of what is pursuing you. The
Storyteller awards the Freebie points for this Flaw.

Twisted Apprenticeship: (I point flaw)

Your Reaper was quite nd taught you all
e wrong th out wraith society. Your concepts of
le pol Il wrong, and your faulty beliefS are
likely to get you al of trouble. Over time,

levolent

C0 a great

after many hard lessons, you can overcome this bad start
(the Storyteller will tell you when). But until then, you
will continue to believe what you were first told, no mat-
ter how others try to "trick" you into thinking otherwise.

Notoriety: @ point law)

You have a bad reputation among your peers; perhaps
you violated Charon's Code once too often, or belong to
an unpopular Circle. There isa two dice penalty toall dice
rolls for social dealings with associated wraiths. A ch:
ter with this Flaw may not take the Merit: Reputation.

Supernatural

These Merits and Flaws are different kinds of super-
natural benefits or detriments. Though rare, they are far
‘more common among wraiths — who alter reality by their
very presence — than among other beings. Because of the
potential of these particular Traits, che Storyteller might
not allow you t0 pick from this category; ask before you
choose one. Furthermore, you should not select such Traits
unless they firmly fit your character concept, and you can
explain why your character possesses them. In general, we
do not recommend that anyone have more than one or
two supernatural Merits or Flaws — they should be strictly
controlled by the Storyteller.

Tomb: (2 point Merit)

‘Some people still bury or entomb the dead with all
sorts of relics and goods which are supposed to be useful in. 8
the afterlife. Fortunately, you believed in this and have a
tomb full of relics to carry with you into the Afterlife. A
one-point tomb usually contains small personal items like
bowls, dishes, utensils, and perhaps a weapon of some sort.
A two-point tomb is more like the grand rooms of the
Pharaohs where all sorts of unusual and elaborate goods
are stacked together in neat rows.

True Love: ( point Mer)

You have discovered, and possibly lost (at least tem-
porarily) a true love. Nonetheless, this love provides joy
in a torrid existence usually devoid of such enlightened
emotions. Whenever you are suffering, in danger, or de-
jected, the thought of your truc love is enough to give you
the strength to persevere. In game terms, this love allows,
you to succeed automatically on any Willpower roll, but
only when you are actively striving to protect or come
closer to your true love. Also, the power of your love may §
be powerful enough to protect you from other supernatu-
ral forces (Storyteller's discretion). However, your true love
may also be a hindrance and require aid (or even rescue)


from time to time. Be forewarned: this is a most exacting
Merit to play over the course of a chronicle. You may not

take both this Merit and Other Half.

Unknown Fetter: (15 point Mei)

You have a strong connection to something or some-
one in a specific area, but you do not know what the con-
nection is, or why the link exists. Something important has
occurred in this place, or with this person or object, but no
memory of why the Fetter is significant is available to you.
You must discover what the link is before you can resolve
the problem. Use of the Lifeweb Arcanos can locate the
unknown Fetter, but Fatalism does not reveal the connec-
tion between you and your mysterious link to the Skinlands.

Cold: (2 point Merit)

Most haunted houses are frequented by cold spots,
where the temperature drops suddenly and for no easily
explainable reason. Your Corpus is very cold, cold enough
to pierce the Shroud when a mortal walks near you. Most
will shiver, feel very uncomfortable, and walk hurriedly
a Mortals like parapsychologists who know of cold
spots may recognize that there is a wraith nearby.

Danger Sense: (2 point Meri)

Youhave a sixth sense that warns you of danger. When
you are in danger, the Storyteller should make a secret roll
against your Perception + Alertness; the difficulty depends
‘on the remoteness of the danger. If the roll succeeds, the
Storyteller tells you that you have a sense of foreboding.
Multiple successes may refine the feeling and give an indi-
cation of direction, distance or nature.

Faerie Alii: (2 pont Merit)

Your presence does not frighten faeries; indeed, it at-
tracts cher, and you are naturally attuned to thelc ways.
You may even share some small amount of faerie blood.
Friendly fey might allow you to meditate at their circle
once while (though gods only know what effect this
might have in the long run...).

Past Lf: (6 Point Mei)

For some reason, you have lived more than one life
before your incarnation as a wraith. While you most likely
do not remember any of your former lives while you were
alive, the knowledge of being several people floods your
mind while in the Shadowlands. Each reincarnation that
you have gives you two extra points of Abilities from the
experiences of that life, as well as an extra one-point Fet-
ter. You and your Storyteller will need to work out a few

%6

details of your previous lives. All of these lives will be some-
what shadowy in memory and there may be some dark se-
crets lurking in your past. No wraith can have more than
three past lives (two freebie points per life), and the Abili-
ties chosen from each one cannot be fairly modern (Ar-
chery, Dead Languages, and the like are more appropriate).

Other Half: (3 point Merit)

‘A Greek philosopher once theorized thar each person
is divided into two halves, and spends his entice life search-
ing for their other half. One can find true happiness only
by finding their other half. You have found your other half,
identical ewin, or even a complete
stranger. Though you are now a member of the Restless
Dead, you still have a strong tie to your other half. You
must choose that person as.a Fetter, and all bonuses involv-
ing your other half are doubled. You can also regain one
point of Corpus per hour by being close to your other half
‘Nore: You may not take both this and the True Love Meri.

Bright: 4 point Mert)

For some reason, the power of your emotion is enough
to weaken the Shroud. The difficulty of any test involving.
piercing the Shroud is reduced by one. As well, mortals
encountering you add one point to their Willpower score
for the purpose of dealing with you. The unforeunate draw-
back of this Merit is that any mortal secking wraiths will
always choose you to harass over other spirits, and will gain
the same one-point bonus when trying to seck you out,

Luck: (4 point Mert)

You were born lucky: your Eidolon guides your steps,
‘or maybe the Devil looks after his own. Bither way, you
can repeat three failed rolls per story. Only one repeat at-
tempt may be made on any single rol.

Weak shadow: (4 point Merit)

Your Shadow is not as strong as most, and suffers a + 2
difficulty in all attempts to become dominant. You are still
susceptible to your Shadow's manipulations, but attempts
to force you into submission are almost an exercise in fu-
tility. Your Shadow suffers a + 1 difficulty in all attempts
to gain Angst as well.

Te faith: (7 point Merit)

You have a deep-seated faith in and love for God, or
whatever name you choose to call the Almighty. You begin
the game with one point of Faith (a Trait with a range of 1-10).
"This Faith provides you with an inner strength and comfort


Dice Pool for each p

ein Faith,
effects of Faith, if any, are complete
althou

supernatural
ip to the Storyteller,

Tae ( point fla)

Most people imagine death as a wonderful experi

haps rejoin the Dreamtime. Obviously, ¥
it, and are cursed to wander this wretche

a point of Cor

Curse: (5 point Flaw)

You have been cursed by

something with

supernatural or magical ific and

detailed. Itcannot be

* Ifyou
betrayal will later

© Youstutter
what you hav

will eventually, ing
way. (5 points.)

improperly Buried: ( point flaw)

According to your belief, you were improperly bur-
Jed. Pethaps you were turned face down in your coffin, not
buried on consecrased gronnd, or posstbly you died with
‘out last rites from your priest or family. Maybe someone
desecrated your grave by building a subdivision aver it.
‘Whatever the cause, you will feel unease until it is set right.
You must choose your own original physical body as a Fet-
ter. Unlike most Fetters, you recs no bonuses or Pathos
when dealing with this Fetter. Instead, the difficulty of
any action while trying to resolve or deal with this Fetter
is increased by one. Someone possessing a part of your
corpse may therefore use chs asa talisman of sores against
you by threatening to destroy the body part.

t The Bard's Tongue: ( point Flaw)

You speak the truth, uncannily so. Things you say tend
to come true. This is no lity for blessing or cursing,
‘or an art controlled by Fatalism. Howew it least once
Per story, an uncomfortable truth regarding any current situ-
ation will appear in your head and come out your lips. To
avold speaking prophecy, the owner of this ‘gif? must ex-
pend a Willpower point and take a wound level from the
strain of resisting (capecially if he bites a hole in his tongue).

Throwback: (1 point law)

One of more of your past lives still affects you...badly
‘Their fears come back to haunt you in your dreams, and
you lashbacks of their worst memories (such as their
death, or, even worse, a personality that encroaches on
your own). For bad dreams or flashbacks, take one to two
points, depending on the severity of the condition and
how much it will affect your studies or performa
dangerous situat
three points (whether you know he exists or not). For the
package deal and a truly miserable existence, take five
points, but expect the Storyteller to take every opportu-
nity to use these against you. This Flaw can be "worked
off" during the course of play, but only with difficulty.

Time Cycle (15 point flaw)

You suffer from increased
realms of the ng. The Shroud is normally harder for
you to penetrate (+ 1 to + 4). At certain times the difi-
culty penalty is removed, and you can affect the Quick
with the same ease as other wraiths. The times when you
can move through the Shroud more easily are directly
linked to a certain hour, day, or even phase of the moon.
The Storyteller must appre ir decision, and a logical
‘reason for this penalty must exist.

Wraith Players Guide

iculty in entering the

Echoes: (25 point flan)

You are susceptible to the old wiv :s about how
best to handle ghostly visitations: Salt can stop you from
entering a home, and you cannot cross running water, or
animals react strongly to your presence and you are drawn
to open flames. Even the Wards of cynics work against
you. Wherever you go, you leave an ectoplasmic residue
and every sound you make is easily recorded on tapes, your
image appears in photographs taken when you are in the
vicinity. This flaw can cause great iculties, including
punishment for breaking with the Dictum Mortem. Addi-
tionally, the flaw changes depending on the beliefs of the
area you are visiting. Being familiar with the belief sys-
tems of any area you pass through is almost a necessity if
goal wich bp void ceouble

Bound: (point flaw)

Whether because of your own belief, or because of
something not known to wraithkind, you are forced to
main in one place. You must stay near or within the p
to which you are bound, and cannot get more than 100
yards from it. You must also choose that place as a Fetter,
but can leave once that Fetter is resolved. Upon resolving,
your Fetter, you need not give back the points from the
Flaw. Because of the heavy changes this Flaw ca
story plots, you cannot take it without che p
your Storyteller.

Disembodied Shadow: G point flan)

Your Shadow can exis outside of your physical body,
often in the form of small animals. To talk to your Shadow,
you must speak out loud. Only you can see it, but it does.
have some form. Your Shadow has a single point of
Strength which tc can use t0 manipulate objects in the
Shadowlands. It cannot do much more than push some-
‘one or move small objects of up to five pounds, but it can

Easily Sensed: (@ pont Flaw)

For some reason, your presence in the Shadowlands
‘catnes| the' (nick dlscoatfor: when youlere near chem
Wherever you go the living notice you, and the more alert
among them can actually see you and fall subject to the
Fog: Places tha you nisrmally fretquene become known'
the as haunted, and you have
rapidly about what you are and who you were. Unwanted
aitertion can bring hunvers/and even cause che Accariara
to take notice of you. It is ly that sooner or later an
exorcist will be brought around to "cleanse" the 8 YOu
frequent of their taint. While the Quick can take note of

cause to
sion of

2


The weak ones, ignorant Enfants, and

they all need to that

more powerful than them. The

I prove it to them. The only

wraiths worth dealing with are the ones that can stand up
to you, but even then, someday you'll be more powerful

When taking control, this Shadow has to assert its
dominance over other wraiths as well as its own Payche. It

picks fights, and won't back down from them. To provoke

aan argument it will taunt, push, spit, anything. Those who
walk away are wimps and couldn't take the heat. As the
Angst collects within this Shadow, the wraith's Corpus be-
comes bulkier with muscle and sinew. A Teshirt might rip,

blue jeans will become taut, and shoe laces will snap. No

actual points ed in Strength or Appearance; this
change is far more exaggerated in the mind of the wraith.

The Bully's Harro

ing: You're back in Grade School and you're

the biggest person other than the teacher. The other smaller,

weaker kids are choosing sides for a game of kickball. The
ns take turns dividing up the group, each picking their

that you are the last to be picked, and

3s. That's OK, though. You'll

you are the last to kick. Finally, i's your turn

Middle: ...you run up to the ball, kick, and miss. The
kids watching burst our in laughter. in, you miss
once more. The laughter gets louder. On the third and
final try ;you trip. Now even the teacher is laughing. The
pitcher is holding his stomach and calling you names. In
rage, you charge the mound

End: ...reaching the mound, you realize that the
piteher is a smaller kid. It shouldn't be a problem to teach
him a lesson. You swing and miss. The pitcher throws a
punch into your stomach, breaking your stride "
the wind from your chest. Doubling o

nstead lose your balance
thered around, but none of them are aid-
ing you. In fact, they are all laughing! A second kid, also

smaller than you, kicks you in the face. Your nose b
Blood freely. Deep down inside you, somethit
Success: Somehow you stumble to your feet. The con-
tinued kicking and punching no longer hurts you. As you
straighten out your back you realize that you now stand
twice as tall as the kids around you. In a moment, they
notice this as well and cease their assault. You level your


saze at your teacher, and your voice rings out over the
silent playground. "I'm tired of playing and I'm going
home." The playground fades to white.

Failure: The brutal onslaught continues. Your body
barely withstands the storm of feet and hands. Somehow
the teacher wades into the crowd and drags you by the
collar from the fray. She stands you up on nearly broken.
legs and squeezes your bleeding face with a painful grip.
"That's what you get for trying to play with the big kids.
Now go to the nurse so that she can clean those wounds
with some salt and turpentine!"

Botch: The kicks grow more fierce. You didn't know
little kids could put so much force behind their feet. Bones
break. Blood gushes. The kids scream names and spit, but
you realize that they aren'c kids anymore. They have grown
upand you haven't. This doesn't change the fact that they
are beating you senseless. After a few more minutes your
body finally gives out.

qhe Comedian

Everything isa joke to the Comedian, even Oblivion.
The tricks ofits trade are harmful practical jokes, danger-
ous slapstick, psyche-damaging purdowns, and worst ofall,
painful oncliners. When passive, it chuckles to itself while
tragedy befalls others and companions become injured. "Did
you hurt your wittle kneezie-weezie?" The Shadowguide of
this Shadow should whisper the occasional joke into the
ear of the Psyche. Should the wraith actualy find one of
these jokes funny, then he might be distracted; the Story-
teller may rule that the player missed a clue of was not
paying attention when another character was ambushed.
‘The Comedian would find great mirth in accomplishing
such a feat and may gain a point of Angst. This is a harsh
decision, though, and the Storyteller might rule that the
direct results ofthe distraction were punishment enough.

When the Comedian's active, watch out; there might
be a bucket of ectoplasm waiting for this wraith's friends
back ac the haunt. Relics get replaced by rubber replicas.
Traps that would force a wraith through a Nihil are set,
such as pit concealed by a rug. Oboli disappear. A typi
cal goal for this Shadow is to annoy the other wraiths into
leaving so that its jokes can focus on the Psyche. The
Comedian prefers to cut off the senses during bouts of
Catharsis It just loves surprises.

As the Angst builds within the Comedian Shadow,
the Corpus ofits unlucky wraith becomes a walking odd-
ity, Any appendage may enlarge, typically feet, chumbs,
nose and ears. Hair becomes frazzled, puffed up, and may
even change color. Pupils may fade to strange swirling de-
signs. Feel free to individualize ic if you wish. The change
does not have to be clownlike, but should reflect a stereo
typical humor icon in some way.

The Comedia
‘Beginning: Ir's a Saturday night party and you're with
the old gang from your post-high school days. Everyone is
laughing and having fun. People are flirting. Everything
‘appears perfect. The atmosphere seems happy, but some-
thing feels odd. You're not sure why, but the mood is slowly
dying. To help things along, you decide to recite a few of
those oneliners you memorized for just such an occasion,

To your horror the ones you tell aren't the same ones you
memorized, but you can't stop. It's if your mouth is work-
ing on its own

Middle: ...after rattling off half a dozen or so, you re-
alize that the jokes were not only rude, but indirectly tae-
geted a few of the people in the room. How were you sup-
posed to know? You smile, shrug weakly, and try and play
it off. Maybe one or two from your World' Lousest Jokes:
Volume Eighteen will do the trick...

End: ...but none of the jokes were even vaguely fa-
miliar or the least bit polite, not to mention funny. In par-
ticular, the "gynecologist in the bar with a fish" joke made
the hosts girlfriend bolt for the toilet. Everyone else is
looking at you now with unusually red eyes. Someone is
discussing your early removal from the world ofthe living
Another person is slapping. a fist into a palm. You've got
to think of something fas.

Success: "Hey fellas, if you can't take the heat
‘Someone dives as you twist aside. He crashes with a gong,
sound. Another guy swings and finds his fist going through,
a glass-covered picture frame you held i Where
did that come from? No time to think. Another person is
drawing back to hit you. You raise your hand, fork a couple.
of fingers and get ‘em right in the eyes with a resounding
"bonk!" Someone smashes a chair over your back, but it'
only balsa wood. Suddenly there isa big horn in your hand.
It blows people over when you honk it at them. So all
those old slapstick comedy movies eame in handy after
all. You exit the party leaving behind a room full of people
with little birds tweeting in circles above their heads.

Failure: "So you wanna play rough, huh?" You put up
your fists in a mockery of some old movie, and dance
around. Someone kicks your feet out from under you, and
your cheek hits the floor. The next thing you know, you're
being bound to a chair, gagged and set in front of a TV.
Seventies sitcoms are al that's on, and i's the worst of the
worst. Outside the party resumes, and you can hear your
date joking along with the rest of them. The jokes are all
about you, and they aren't nice at all.

Botch: "Do you want to hear the one about the
the preacher, and the pagan?" The crowd lunges. In mo-
ments you are strapped down to a table in the center of the
room. Everyone around you has joke books. They begin to
read them out loud, and the jokes they tell all have to do


with you. Most of them don't make sense, but the crowd is
laughing anyway. Then as the jokes roll on, a few of the
quests begin to hit you in the face with moldy custard pies
and pelt you with rubber chickens. The mess starts to pile
up and slowly encases you in foul smelling darkness.

The Hypochondriac

The Hypochondriac tells you that you are immune to
nothing, not even in death. Like a nurse with a medi
book open at all times, this Shadow will warn against the
most minute of jobs. Even the very use of your Arcanos
anight lead you to doom, and combat is definitely some-
thing you'd rather avoid, Though a wraith can easily re
pair damage, this particular Shadow attempts to convince
you otherwise. "What if you can't heal your Corpus? You're
awwfully low on Pathos, pal. You don't have Usury and your
Fetters re miles away!" As the Shadow gains Angst
the Corpus' appearance becomes more sickly. The nose
runs; the eyes become red and watery. Skin draws tight
against the ribs. Pockmarks and blisters and expel
trocach
yerving comments. "Oh my goodness,
it's the Stygian Plague! Did you know that it wiped out
nearly fifty thousand wraiths alone!?! This is terrible!"

When in control, this Shadow will rum the character
around in almost every situation that involves active par-
ticipation. If the Circle needs a volunteer to explore an
abandoned Haunt or retrieve an Artifact from a group of
violent Drones, the Hypochondriac will never willingly
step forward. Ifa journey through the Tempest is needed,
or if the group must face a possible ambush, the wraith
tunder the Hypochondriac's control will stall while fore-
telling doom, "There's just coo much chance for injury and
infection..."

‘Thistbchavior will hopefully lead the character into a
situation where no one else is around or willing to help.
The Hypochondriac Shadow fills its Harrowings with
ages of sickness and infectious horror, all the while cha
ing "I told you se

‘The Hypochondriac's Harrowing,

Beginning: You're wandering the halls of a hospital.
Maybe you recognize it, maybe you don't. They all seem
the same to you anyway. You hear crying from dimly lie,
stetile corridors and half-open doorways, but you move
There must be a way out of this place of the dying. The
maze of hallways is endless. Ther indows to the
outside, only walls. You come to a fountain and realize
you're thirsty. You lower your head, mash the button, and
a stream of brown filth flies to your mouth. Gagging, you
fall back, nearly bumping into a semi-recognizable nurse.
"That will give you cachexia and contagion, you

sympton

32 ‘Wraith Players Guide

she comments offhandedly. You stagger to your feet, wipe
the stuff from you face, and bolt down the hall...

Middle: ...only to burst into a ER disaster sce
ies of people you might know are being hurried in on
stretchers. It must have been a multiple-car accident. Fea-
tureless doctors rush about with wickedly shaped instru
ments that look as if they'd de arm than good. A
nurse tells you to get out of the way. Stepping backward,
you bump into someone's lukewarm intestines. With
shock, you owner is still alive and moanin,
witching away, you lose your footing in a thin pool of
blood and land with a hard splat. A masked doctor leans
over you and declares that you have received a concus-
sion. Someone | nd smiles at you. F
covered in scabs and very thin. "Thar's my blood you're
soaking in there." You try t stand

En
eral doctors lift you onto an operating table, hooking ma-
chines up to your body: An IV goes into your arm, but the
bottle it's attached to gots in it. They be
move down the tube, one at a time. Doctors are handling
rusty scalpels eaked with dirt, The head surgeon re
your clothes and stops with a shake of his head. There is,
silence for a moment as everyone turns to face him,"
going to have to operate."

2 Suddenly the feeling is returning to your
limbs. You can move again. You quickly snatch the tube
from your arm before the maggots reach your skin, You
knock the rusty instruments from the doctor's hands and
leap from the table. Rushing to a fire hose, you crank it
on, and point it at the room. Moments later the blood,
the bodies, the doctors, and their nasty toys are washed
away. As you rise from the room, you see it is now per
fectly clean

Failure: You are wheeled down a dirty hallway to an
‘operating room that looks more like a mechani
Icis cold and flies are everywhere. The operating t
smoking as they move you to the main table. Ther:
hiss as someone turns on a tank of gas and straps a mask to,
your face. In a low fading voice you hear the words,
"Nighty-night."

Botch: You are wheeled to the filthy operating room,
but the knock« doesn't work. "Doctor," the anesthe-
siologist says, "it doesn't seem to be ng him."
matter," the surgeon wheezes with a cough. "We'll open
him up anyway. Nurse, I need the bone saw." Something,
electric cranks to life and begins to make slurping, cutting
sounds. Looking down you realize that a mass of bugs have
covered your body, and are either ent

.--bur can't. Something broke in your back, Sev

sm in to

afraid w
Success

ing your wounds or

king their own.


The Lover

The Lover wants to please you, to make you happy.
like only he can. He knows your wants and desires, even
the most hidden and depraved. He wants to fulfill these
desires for you, so that you will be content with him, apart

rything and everyone else. He prompts and goads
ing between promises of desires fulfilled and
guile at spurning him; af his only
crime isto love you.

‘When in control, this Shadow turns his destructive
charmson those around him. He seeks to please by virtue of
promising and delivering the most secret and base acts, sextal
or otherwise. Ifothers are seduced by the Lover's actions, he
hopes the Psyche will become jealous. The end result, in
the Lover's mind, isto drive his host to leave the company
of others, to remove her from temptation. If the wraith's

anions are repulsed by the Lover's actions, that leaves

\dow alone. Either way, the Lover wins.

's Harrowing

ata party, and having a great time
Your significant other is there as well; you occasionally

h glimpses of her across the room. She catches your

and smiles at you. You feel good, content in the warm

you two share

Middle: ...later in the e you find yourself in a
conversation with a very compelling individual. You'd
noticed her earlier, and also noticed the attention she at-
tracted. Now, she's talking to you, and you can't help but
feel good about that tive, interesting, inter
ested in what you have to say; in short, everything you

re enjoying yourself immensely.
is You Continue your conversation, you sense

someone approaching. Smiling, you turn to face your gitl
friend. She glares at you, eyes full of silent accusation. You
by jealousy and anger, she accuses you of ignoring her, and
of preferring this new person. Alll eyes at the party turn.
towards you as the diatribe continues. Finally, she finishes
the tirade, at you

Success: You calmly explain that you were just talk
ing to this person, and politely introduce her to your lover.
Youattempt to draw your paramour into the conversation,
bur she t As you rise towards the light
her accusations of betrayal grow weake
tosilence

Failure: Your lover is bei pletely irational, and
annoy k on her, and go on with your
conversation. You ignore her exit scene, intent on recap-
turing the feel of the eveni
it. The person you are tal
comes your lovers fac


Botch: You stare at your lover, unsure of what to say.
As you watch, tears form in her eyes, and she rushes out of
the room. Consumed by remorse, you pursue her. Youcradle
your lover, telling her that the other person was nothing,
that she is the only person important to you. As your lover
smiles up at you through teary eyes, she shoves her hand
through your chest, ripping out your heart.

Me. Adventure

This Shadow thinks you are a terrible bore, and will
go to great lengths to "spice up" your existence. Too long
have you decayed before his eyes, always taking the "safe"
course. Have no fear — Mr. Advencure is here!

‘When this Shadow is in control, he will choose some
horribly risky enterprise in which for you to engage. Why
not go sailing in the Tempest, bobsled down a Nihil, or
find out what Ferrymen wear under their robes?

Ie's nor just you that the Shadow wants; you're too
easy a target. This Shadow is a charismatic leader, and he
will attempe to take as many others as possible to destruc-
tion with you.

Mr. Adventure's Harrowing

Beginning: You are in a movie palace of the 1930's.
Gold and crimson gleam about you. You are watching a
"Perils of Pauline" serial. As the story escalates, you are
glad only to be watching the action...

Middle: ...you'te in the middle of a mouthful of pop-
corn when you notice that the main character, Pauline, who
is hanging by her fingertips from a cliff over shark infested
waters, is wearing your mother's bracelet. Even more curi-
ously, Pauline turns to you on screen and calls to you for
help —by name. Suddenly, two red-uniformed ushers grasp
you firmly by the arms and fling you into the screen...

End: ..after the sound of the ripping screen dies away,
you barely have time to notice that everything isin black
id white before you realize that you are now an active
participant in the drama. Everything seems to move with
slightly jerky action, and you hear the distant tinkling
sounds of a piano. You are at the edge of the cliff, and you
see that Pauline is about to fall. Your mother's bracelet
catches the light as Pauline begins to slip to certain doom.
You could just grab the bracelet...

Success: You grab Pauline's hand and try to pull her
cosafety. With a herculean effort, you bring her up. Asshe
clears the cliff, you and the bracelet burst forth in vivid
color, and, as the light of the projector surrounds you, you
into the Shadowlands with the closing credits.
Failure: You hesitate. Just as you make your decision,
‘and the bracelet plunge into the waters below and
are destroyed by the gnawing sharks. You find yourself in
the theater again. This time, however, the colors are not as
bright, and the whole world now seems just a little grayer...

Wraith Players Guide

Botch: Youattempt to wrench the bracelet from Pauline's
wrist. As you try, her other hand grabs for you, and you are
both cascading into the gnashing jaws of death below. As
you all, you see that Pauline' face has been replaced by your
mother's, and that the realization of what you have done is
worse than the horrible pain which awaits just seconds away.

The Paranoid

‘This Shadow understands that no one has ever truly
liked you. He knows the awful truth which you just seem
to refuse to believe — that others' smiles and displays of
friendship are just facades. They are masks they show you
while they laugh behind your back and ridicule you. Only
this Shadow is a friend true enough to give you strength
against the hypocrites who call themselves your friends.
He keeps copious notes, and knows what they are really,
saying. Afterall, hey are just using you or their own amuse-
ment, and when they have wrung the last bi of entertain-
ment out of you, they'll throw you away like the dogeared
dimestore romance novel your Shadow knows you are.

‘When in control, this Shadow will seek roavenge any
insult (real or not) it has ever perceived from another char-
acter (and since your Shadow knows no one likes you, the
targets will be many). These actions may be overt, or more
insidious. Afterall, ifthe others know that theirlicele game
has been discovered, it won't be as satisfying to destroy
them. Or worse, they may escape before righteous ven-
greance has been achieved.

The Paranoid's Harrowing

Beginning: You're attending a party at your boarding
school, celebrating the end of exams. Everyone seems to
be having a great time, thankful that school is out for a
few days. Unfortunately, you made the lowest grades in
your class, and you are desperately trying to hide it...

Midale:...you see two of your classmates talking t0-
gether in excited whispers at the punchbowl. They seem
to cast furtive glances at you, and suddenly, chillingly —
they laugh...

End: ...as you stand with a smile frozen on your face,
you see your other classmates move in twos and threes to the
punchbowl. Soon, everyone is there: everyone except you.
‘They are all laughing, and abruptly, they turn to you. Silene

‘Success: You swallow, straighten your back, and walk
tothe punchbowl. As you hold out your glass expectantly,
you ask, "So, how did everyone do in class, this semester?"
As your classmates fill your glass and begin conversations
with you, a white light surrounds you.

Failure: You turn away from their eyes and walk out
into the cold night ai. You mutter, "Who needs them" Your
words echo into the darkness. Then, you remember that you
are at a remote boarding school with no off-campus privi-
leges. It hits you that you will be here a long, long time.


Botch: You launch yourself at your persecutors, up-
setting the table and the punchbowl. As the red liquid

splashes all over you, you realize it's blood, and none of i

has hit your classmates. As the group moves away from
you in disdain, chorus after chorus of laughter rings from
your classmates. You stand alone as if stricken, tears slowly

tinsing the blood from your face.

The Sophomore

You know it already. You don't have to be taught it
"Don't tell me what to do," is one of your favorite
"Lean do it by myself. If you hadn't told me to do it, I
would have done it, but now that you have, I won't." It's
nd simple. You think you already know
everything and there is nothing left but review.

immaturity, pu

When in power, this Shadow will annoy the hell out
of anyone in a position of a

thority. Ie will jump into a
situation where it thinks that it has the power or the proper
canos to deal with it, but is often sorely mistaken. The
potential for disaster should be a constant worry for the
acter.

When the Shadow gains Angst, the Corpus becomes
a mockery of a know-it-all. The nose turns upward and
facial expressions reflect a snobbish impatience. The arms
he shifts to the left foot, and the

subconsciously fold, w

right foot taps out half-seconds. Deep sighs and eye roll-
ing accompany any other wraiths' statements
The Sopho:
Beginning: You're seated in a school room, and math
problems are on the bos

ore's Harrowing

J. Everyone around you is listen-
ing to a scholarly gentleman at the head of the class.

ions are taking an eternity.
division and multiph

expl ‘Man, it' only simple
you finally say out loud. A
silence descends on the room and everyone turns to look

at you. "All right," says the teacher,

why don't you come up here and show the class yourself
He holds out the chalk and waits patiently
Middle:

your usual confidence, but the problem begins to change.

-you step up to the board and begin with

Every time you begin to work out the numbers, more math-

‘ematical equations form in front of your eyes. Algebra be-
comes Trigonometry and fades into Calculus. "Hey, wait a
minute. This isn't fair!" Standing back, you take
look at the board and realize what the answer is, but it'

ne last

too late. The mathematician has grabbed you by the ear
and is dragging you out of the room. "No one mentioned
anything about it being fair..."

Eni
fice. A gi

he drags you all the way to the principal's of-

led, elderly giant of a man steps out with a
massive book in his hands. The cover reads simply, "The

Rules." "So you think you know everything, do you? Well,
here at the school of hard knocks you've got a thing or
‘wo to learn." He undoes his huge belt buckle and removes
her strap with a crack. The mathe
cian tightens his grip on your arms.

‘Success: Suddenly you break free and knock the book
from the principal's hands. The mathematician chases you,
but falls quickly behind. You run from room to room, kick-
ing in doors and answering the problems on each board.
You reach your own math room, grab a piece of chalk and
write the number 42 on the board. It's the right answer.
All your classmates cheer as you float through the roof.

Failure: The principal' belt begins to blister your back
tand you feel tears run down your cheeks. The mathe
cian sets up a blackboard in your face and continuously
works out simple problems incorrectly, all che while pat-
ting himself on the back. The principal repeats the school
rules you haven't had to obey for years. Soon the
beating sends you into unconsciousness.

Botch: The principal calls your home and your mother
answers. He informs her that he is going to beat her child
senseless, He may even kill you. A moment later he sets
the phone down and smilesat you. "We have your mother's
consent and her blessings. Let the lesson begin." His belt
sprouts spikes and his face has grown demonic features.
Just before he begins the belt ignites with flames. From
there it goes downhill

The Teacher

Lessons, lessons, lessons! The afterlife is full of les-
sons that this Shadow scems to understand. However, in-
stead of papers and projects, these lessons consist of an-
guish and regrets. The objective of each lesson, cach test,
is not enlightenment; it is destruction. There is nothing
that would give this Shadow more job satisfaction than to
send you to eternal detention in Oblivio

This Shadow can have more than one aspect. He can
appear to be gentle and kind, patient and understand
or harsh and demanding. Whatever his de
fe will he the same. If you pass the Teach
satisfaction, only he will achieve anything.
the Teacher will
ways (after assessing theie indi-
ind will provide a series of carefully
arranged tests which they will be sure to
not allt nowledge-based). These tests will show
ind others their emotional and physical limi-

‘ s rests to his

When dominant

mpt to show

the "stud

tations. The Shadow will chen rake endless pleasure in
lecturing them upon the reasons for thei
"pass" the fin

failure, until they

The Teacher's Harrowing
Beginning: You have just arrived at the home of the
irl you have wanted co date for a long time. Her father is
in the living room when you artive, and he invites you in.
The television is on, and he turns down the volume and
begins to find out more about you. As your date walks into.
the room, her father asks you a question about your stud-
ies and.

Middle: ...suddenly from the television set, a high-
iched whine pierces your brain. The sound incr
‘making it difficult to think. As you apologize, and ask her
father to repeat his question, you see that he has changed.
Ashe asks it again, you notice that his eyes have narrowed
with suspicion, and he now seems to be reaching for some
thing his chair. The room has grown darker, and
the image on the TV screen is that of your Shadow, host-
ing. program on The Learning Channel...

End: ...the high pitched whine becomes the voice of

your Shadow. "Answer him, mister! Have I taught you
gin the time we have been together? What about
the basic rules of etiquette? What will they both think of
you? If you can Il you learn to get
along with people? How will y hold a job?!2" Your
‘Shadow's voice nags on and on, and crowds your thoughts
‘out of your head. You look at your date's father. He is mov-
d you with a shorgun.
Success: You ignore the darkened room, the shadowy
nd the gleaming gun barrel. With a massive effort
of will, you politely answer your date's father's question.
You tell him your plans for the evening, and whar time
you will bring his daughter back. You then say you
goodbyes. As you and your date leave, the white light from,
the hallway surrounds you, and you begin to rise.

F th terror at her approaching
father, and can only mumble nonsense. As you turn and.
run from the house, beneath the whine of the TV you can,
hear the echoing sobs of your date.

Botch: You lunge at her father's approaching shot
gun. In the ensuing struggle, a shot is fired. As you stare in
horror, your date erumples to the floor, her innards paint-
ing the wall behind her. As you realize the gravity of what
you have done, the wail of distant sirens can be heard.
Your Shadow's voice whines from the TV set, "See! I told.
you! Now,

Ww are you going to move on with your life

in JAIL"

The Workaholic

In life, there was always so much to do, and so little
time to do it in. Now that the Shadowlands have claimed
you, the work is never done. The Workaholic isa surefire
companion if you're an Artificer or some other kind of
craftsman. While this Shadow

when yo

passive mode, you feel


the drive to do more and accomplish more, even if the

Pathos is running out, the Willpower pool is low, and the

Angst is overwhelming, There is always more that

done. When he's in power, there is no rest. The
attempts to accomplish as much as possible, especi
that means the work is shoddy and the world outside the

| job ceases to matter.

| As the Workaholic's Angst grows, the lines of stress

across your face and Corpus. Your eyelids p

ase to blink (if they ever did). Hands become

rain and shake with frustration.

The Workaholie's Harrowing

cis after fi

with

clock. Your coworkers are

eave. A few familiar faces drop by your office
marketing you've been
e any plans for the evening
've got some work to catch

goodbye. The guy fr
icted to shyly asks if you ha
swwer him simply with,
up on." He 3, and so does everyone else. You don't
have to stay, but it would be nice to get all this paperwork
done. Sorting through the pile you realize that there is a
ton of work that you simply can't let lie any longer. Other
people could do it, but you don't trust their quality
Midal ticks on and the papers only seem
to accumulate. The more you shuffle them, the more they
snow, Stacks upon stacks. Somewhere off in the building

the clo

a clock strikes midnight. You might as well pull

allnighter. After a coffee break you return to a mountain
of papers and you recognize all of it. It's all your work and
no one else can help you finish it.

End:
you strive to finish the stack of
puter before you begins to smoke as you hit the keys faster
and faster. Grabbing another stack, you can't help but
notice the due date in the righthand corner. It's today's
date! All of them have today's date! All of them... Glane
ing over at the cloc! already 5:00 a
ks around you teeter dangerously.

all of it has to be done this evening. Furiously
signments. The com-

ou notice that it

Suddenly the st

Success: As if driven by an overwhelming engine of
hope, you manage to work at a blinding
actually begin to shrink. Finished assignments fly from your

and The clock begins to tick backwards.

nd the person
cer of fact,
ation," you say as you W

in-arm out the door into the light.

Failure: The stacks sway back and forth. Shiny hand-
cuffs clamp down around your wrists. The computer finally
gives out and the clock strikes eight. Your coworkers file back
to work. So does your boss, who just happens to lean in and.
scowl at you. He inquires about a specific assignment; you
didn't even know it was yours. "Looks like another long night,

for you," he says, leaving you to your


Botch: The stacks fall around you. Papers try to suffo-
cate the oxygen from your lungs. As you dig your way out,
you see your boss and co-workers coming in. To your hor-

discussing the fun they had over the weekend. As they
walk past they toss more paperwork at you. A few hit you
The last person to pass is your boss. He smiles
‘You're fired
ering anoth
you don't dig your way out.

Archetypes

reamer

You are horribly detached from re-
nd spend large amounts of time
gining a better world around you.
Sometimes you stare off into space for
long periods of time just thinking, or
che Tempest hoping to ride on the
ams of others. Odds are, you have Argos
to help you survive your journeys. You are only happy as
events get stranger and more unu

You are fortunately easy to get along with, as long as
people don't depend on you. In a crisis situation, you may
try fo imagine you are somewhere else, or come up with
brilliant but impossible solutions.

— Regain Willpower whenever you are in a surreal
situation, or encounter something completely out of the
norm.

Drifter

You drifted through your life, taking everything in
stride. You prefer to let things happen to you, and wait
until events sort themselves out without your interference.
You strongly avoid making decisions, and tend to rely on
‘your companions to make them for you. Sometimes you
try to postpone making a choice long enough for one of

You are very relaxed, mellow, and easy to get along
with. You greeable toa fault; often you follow another's
‘suggestion rather than make the conscious choice to avoid
that person.

— Re Willpower when you weasel your way
around making a decision by stalling, forcing it on some-

even spend tin

waves of the di

‘one else, or some other means.

Driven

You are out to prove yourself to everyone and
thing. Regardless of how hard you try, you cannot tum
back from a challenge, no matter how great. You convince
yourself that once you make ita little bit further, you'll be
able to relax and reap the benefits of all of your hard work.
Of course, that day will never comes; once you reach a
plateau, you only see a higher one to conquer.

Your dealings with others are often somewhat strained
— you know that they can be sacrificed ro aid your suc-
cess. They should work as hard as they can if they want to
even come close to your level of achievement, and you
can always lead them to complete your ends.

— Regain Willpower upon accomplishing a particu-
larly difficult task.

Backgrounds

|

Some special aspect of the
Skinlands ties you to it. Much like a
Haunt, the Legacy Background allows
you to deal with the restricting power
of the Shroud more easily. When you
act in concert with your Legacy, the Shroud bends more
easily to your powers. Some types of Legacies include par-
ticular types of people, times or pra For example,
some Inuit tribes believe that only their shamans can reli
ably perceive spirits, and many cultures believe in a spe-
cial time of year when the dead walk the earth. Perhaps
you find it easier to pierce the Shroud when surrounded
by the trapping of mediums and mystics, such as tarot cards,
uija boards or religious practices. You must choose a type
of Legacy, either time, people or custom, and then pay for
the frequency of occurrence of your Legacy.

‘The strength of the Legacy is inversely related to its
frequency. That isto say, the more common its occurrence,
the less powerful its effects on the wraith and the Shroud.
For example, a one-point Legacy bestows a five-point re-
duction in the Shroud, while a five-point Legacy would
only effectively reduce the Shroud by one. As with a
Haunt, no Legacy may lower the effective Shroud to less
than four. A Storyteller must review and rate any poten-
tial Legacy a player wishes to purchase.
= Very rare types of people (triplets, albinos), a
single day a year (Christmas, Halloween, your birth or
death day), very obscure practices (Egyptian death rites,
largely forgotten cults)


certain unusual name), a few hours every quarter (every
season), unusual customs (hanging dream catchers or
horseshoes, "crossing" oneself)

* Uncommon people (lefthanders, redheads, whole
lineages), once per month (lunar phase, first or last days,
every 13th), occasional habits (praying, playing sports,
having intercourse)

seee Frequently met people (foreigners, popular religions,
political affiliations), once per week (few hours on a certain
ay), well-practiced ritual (bathing, driving, cooking)
Broad group of people (woman, children, major
ity race), one particular hour out of every day, a common,
practice (predominant religion or cultural practice)

Old Soul

ome of the Restless have survived a very long time
in the Underworld. While "longevity" doesn't necessarily,
provide a wraith greater status or influence, it does pro-
vide a cert yount of experience. A player may use the
Old Sou! background to receive information about events
that have occurred in the Underworld in years past, such
as wh a particular Renegade took over Camden, etc.
Old Sou! can lead to many interesting roleplaying oppor-
tunities. Whenever you wish to remember a particular fact,
roll the number of dice in the Old Soul Background (th
difficulty is your Storyteller's option, depending on how
obscure or far back in history the desired fact is). The num-
ber of successes determines how clear the memories are

* Died within the last ten years

Died anytime in the
Died sometime in the last four hundred years
Dead for almost a millennium.

Dead so long, you can't remember much, some-
thing abour either pyramids or mammoths...?

Abilities

century.

new Abilities you can
any Storyteller game. They de-
scribe some of the limitless abilities your
er can take, and can help define

Some of these Abilities
may seem less significant and useful
than the more general Abilities de
scribed in Wraith, Some are subcategories of standard Abili-
ties. For example, rather than introducing the Archery sill,
ike a character roll Dexterity + Ath-
bow. It is up to the Storyteller whether

listed here can be purchased.

Talents
Artistic Expression

You have the talent to produce works of art in various
media. You can produce salable works of two- or three-
dimensional art and understand something of the techni-
cal aspects of paintings and sketches. You are able to sketch
a reasonably accurate rendition of a place or person
* Novice: Your work is simple, seen as charmingly
naive by some and as amateurish by others.

Practiced Your work could win prizes at local art
society shows.
Competent: You could get a showing in a minor

gallery.
© Expert: Your work is widely admired, and galler-
ies contact you about exhibitions. You are invited to teach
at local art colleges.

Master: You are acknowledged as a driving force
in contemporary art. Your work commands enormous prices
and is found in are museums as well as commercial galler-
ies and private collections.

Possessed by: Artists, Commercial Illustrators, Care
toonists, Police Artists, Forgers, Woodworkers, Theatre and
Movie Set Builders, Special Effects Technicians, Model
Makers

Specialties: Oils, Watercolors, Mixed Media, Char-
coal, Sketching, Caricature, Lighting Artist, Impression-
ist, Photo-Realism, Abstract, Miniatures, Stone, Resin,
Wood, Metals, Classical, Kinetic, Models, Decoration

Carousing

‘This is the ability to have a good time at a party or
other social occasion, while making sure others around you
also have a good time. Itinvolvesa
cheer, and drinking without making a fool out of yourself
OF course, while there are some differences between the
Carousing done in mortal life and that engaged in by the
Restless Dead, anyone with this Ability is able to fit in
equally well when skinriding a soc
versation on the Midnight Express. On a successful rol of
Manipulation + Carousing, the character can n
ing good impression on everyone around hin
helpful if che wraith is trying to make friends, gamer in-
formation or distract the attendees wl
through the coat room. The difficulty of the roll depends
on the social event: three of less for a house party with a
buffet, seven or more for a sit-down dinner.


. ood ol' Unele Bill
- Jake the Frat Rat
#8 Competent: James Bond

'* Expert: The Three
Master: Bluto in "Animal House'
Possessed by: Actors, Dilettantes, College Students,
Vampires
Special
Drinl

Diplomacy

You have the

Musketeers

Sexual Innuendo, Bon Mots, Lewd Jokes,

ion, Anecdotes

bility ro handle negotiations. Even
when handling touchy subjects, you
without ruffling too

any feathers. You
diating disputes and discussing delicate subjects. You get

with others without overt manipulation and with-
yside. This Ability
f the formal rules of give
al cultural rules of conduct

‘out letting your own aims fall by the
involves.a knowle

as well as the offic

. Novice: You can iron out schoolyard disputes.
oe Pra Js ask you to deal with things for
them,

Competent: You could shine in management or
ersonnel

© Expert: You could be a professional union nego-
ator or ombudsman,
Master

an industrial dispute to a n

You can defuse

early any situation, from,

Possessed by: Schoolteachers, Union Negotiators,
Politicians, Tycoons, Diplomats, Personnel Officers, Coun:

selors, Hierarchy 4

fortune Telling

A skill more common in years past than in the sterile

20th century, there are still many among the Restless who
have a telling. Regardless of whether or
not you are

convince oth

hip a
ad to many interesting roleplaying situations,

. Novice: You are able to use one method of divi-

ation adequately and treat this Ability as a pastime.

ty to do so. A combination of
actual mystical ability, this Talent can.

Practiced: You can use one method of fortune

telling well and can tell someone gen
will apply to her.


*e* Competent: You know a lot about certain meth-

ods of fortune telling and can tell anyone detailed infor
mation that will be applicable.

Expert: You are able to use multiple methods well
J have a keen understanding of what people want to
hear

© Master: Gypsies take lessons from you.
Possessed by: Gypsies, Psychics, Professional Fortune
Tellers, New Agers, Hand of Fate
Specialties: Tarot Cards, Prophecy, Romance, Death,
Palmistry, [ Ching, Goat Entrails

instruction

You have a talent for passing on information and skills
to others. You might have worked as at
Hierarchy trainer. Either way, you can explain things and
demonstrate techniques in such a way that anyone who
listens to you can learn easily. You can teach any of your
Skills or Knowledges to another character, but you can.
never raise a student's score above your own. For example,
if you have three dots in Occult, you cannot teach some-
cone enough to raise her Occult Knowledge to four dots.
For the time it takes to

a student's skill, roll your
ipulation + Instruction against a difficulty of (11 mi-
‘nus the student's Intelligence). One roll may be made per
month of teaching. The number of suc
of experience points the student can apply toward that skill.
Example: George Montaigne, a less than scrupulous Reaper,
is trying to teach Joey Castello about the Necropolis they
are in (Area Lore). Joey's not the brightest (Intelligence 2),
so the difficulty for George' rol is 2 9.

‘A student may become too discouraged o distracted
with other things to pay attention to his teacher. There-
fore, the student may have to spend a Willpower point (at
the Storyteller' discretion) to keep at his studies. Frequent
interruptions can cost a student a number of Willpower
points, or maybe they'll just prevent him from learning
anything (in which ease, the teacher might withdraw her
services).
th the Storyteller's approval, a person can teach
some Talents, such as Brawl or Dodge. In these cases, i is,

good to roleplay some of the training sessions. Get a few
good licks in on the student and see if he learns anything
from it. Talents such as Empathy or Alertness cannot be
taught — they must be learned the hard way.

+ Novie
sic arithmetic)
gestible manner.

ee Pract fou can teach moderately complex
subjects (such as algebra) and make your lessons straight-
forward and interesting

fou can take
nd present thet

ple concepts (e.g., ba-
a interesting and di-

in

+ Competent: You can teach any subject of which
you have Knowledge, up to high-school level subjects. You
can make differential calculus sound like the simplest thing
in the world.
see Expert: Learning from you is scarcely an effort.
You could teach irrational-number theory or Sumerian
cuneiform to almost anyone.
#906 Master: You are an inspiring teacher who bestows
a touch of greatness on anyone who studies with you.
Possessed by: Teachers, Parents, Professors, people
from all walks of life
Specialties: Meraphysics, Customs and Laws, Uni
sity, Skills, Knowledges

Interrogation

You are able to extract information from people by
fair means or foul. Using a mixture of threats, trickery and
persistent questioning, you ultimately unearth the truth
This is a common skill among certain branches of the Hi
‘erarchy.
. Novice: Nosy neighbor
Practiced: Movie cop
Competent: Talk-show host
Expert: Investigative journalist
Master: Spymaster
Possessed by: Cops, Journalists, Secret Service Per-
Inquisitors, Hierarchy Enforcers
Good Cop/Bad Cop, Threats, Trickery,

Special
Moral Blackmail

Intrigue

You know the finer points of plotting and deal-mak-
ing in the halls of power. You understand the practical use
of power (in sometimes threatening but always
nonconfrontational ways) to achieve your own ends. This
nt also allows you to glean important facts about oth-
cers in your social circle and separate truth from the end-

less amounts of false and useless gossip.
. Novice: Wiseguy
Practiced: Confidant
Competent: PAC lobbyist
Expert: Vampire
Master: Stygian Politician
Possessed by: Aspiring Hierarchs, Spies, Negotiators
Specialties: Gossiping, Feigning Ignorance, Threats,
Plotting, Rumormongering, Alliances, Betrayals


You are practiced at noticing small details and changes
in the environment when you purposely look at or listen
to what is going on around you. This Ability can only be
ised when you specifically say you are attempting to no-

if anything is amiss. If you aren't concentrating, this
Ability will do you no good.

. Novice: If anyone notices police sirens, it's you.
** Practiced: The police should use your detective
abilities.

Competent: The slightest motion draws your at-
tention,

Expert: Nothing escapes your glance.
#9666 Master: You can count the grains of salt on a pret-
el — by taste.

Possessed by: Detectives, Gls, FBI Agents, Body-
guards, Night Watchmen

Specialties: Keeping Watch, Quick Scan, Listening,
Smelling, Assassins

Scrounge

This Talent allows you to procure items through wits,
connections, and a little ingenuity. Items aren't usually in
excellent condition, may take time to acquire and are not
always exactly right, but Scrounge can help when the oboli
run out or theft would land you in the smelting forges.

. You know where the dump is.
: You used to do garage sales and auc-
tions.

s+ Competent: You have some connections into.

ns (common relics).
Expert: You can acquire larger items like relic fire-
arms and ammo,

#00 Master: Given time, you could dig up a
Deathlord's underwear.

ior it

Possessed by: Poorer Heretics, Renegades, Travellers
Specialties: Auctions, Black Marker, Gunrunning,
Street Trade

Search

You know how best to go about looking for someone
or something in a small area where you can concentrate
your perceptions. You can search for anything from a lost
ring in your bedroom to the assassin who might be hiding
in your garden.

* Novice: You are good at finding lost items

#* Practiced: Tell-rale signs (e.g. broken plants, foot-
prints) are apparent to you.

Competent: You know where to look.
Expert: Trained professionals defer to your ex-

perti
#006 Master: Sherlock Holmes was an amateur,
Possessed by: Detectives, Ingenious Servants, Police-
men, Prison Guards
Specialties: Sounds, Woodwork, Small Objects,
People, Concealed Doors

Seduction

You know how to lure, attract and command the at-
tention of others in a sexual manner. By the way you hold
yourself, how you look at someone and even by the tone
of your voice, you are able to arouse and excite those upon,
whom you practice your wiles. Once you have fully se-
duced someone, he will be willing to do nearly anything
for you.

eenager

The "older woman"

Competent: Heartthrob

Expert: Movie star

Master: The envy of vampires everywhere
Possessed by: Thespians, Escorts, Sensualist Heretic

Cultists, Rakes, Strippers
Specialties: Witty Conve

nuendo, Alluring Looks

Style
You may not have been born good-looking, or pos-
charm, but you know how to dress and
make the most of your appearance. Even if you are not
physically attractive, heads turn because of your dress sense
and style. Note that this Talent only applies to people's

sation, Opening Lines, In-

sessed of

reactions to your appearance; once you get closer, it's up
to you.

. Novice: Good taste

** Practiced: Soc

Competent: Celebrity
ity advisor

Possessed by: Socialites, Celebrities, Fashion Profes-
sionals, the Gifted Few

Specialties: Classic, High Fashion, Street Fashion,
Retro, Ethnic


Acrobatics

You are a trained tumbler and acrobat, able to per-
form feats of agility far beyond the capabilities of an un-
trained character. For each success with this Skill, a char

| acter can ignore one Corpus Level of falling damage. For
exampl ter with two dots in Acrobatics can fall
up to 10 feet without injury or would take only one Cor-

| pus Level of damage from a 15-foot fall. This skill may be

| paired with Dexterity to roll for leaps and other acrobatic
feats.

. Novice: Grade school gym class
High school jock
Dollege team
Expert: State champion
Master: Olympic gold medalist
Possessed by: Professional Athletes, Jocks, Martial
Artists, Dancers
Specialties: Sport, Ma
Jumping/Falling

Archery

You know how to fire a bow, and may be able to do so
with great proficiency.
High School Gym Practice
Forest Bow Hunter
Competent: Medieval Ranger
Expert: You'll usually hie the bull's-eye
Master: Robin Hood
Possessed by: Hunters, Hobby Enthusiasts, Competi-
tors, Medieval ionists, Beginning Zen Archers
Specialties: Arched Flight, Forests, Target, Hunt
Kyudo Technique, Crossbows, Primitive Archery, Moving
Targets

Blind Fehting

Even when unable to see your foes, you can use your
Brawl or Melee Abilities at reduced or no penalties. This
Skill may also be of great use out of combat. It should be
noted that this Skill does not grant any actual ability to
see better in darkness. For each dot the character has in
this Skill, reduce the difficulty for performing actions while
blind by one. (Naturally, the difficulty can never be re-
duced below its unhindered equivalent.)

| Arts, Dance, Enhanced


. Novice: You don't stub your toe in the dark.
** Practiced: You can pinpoint the direction from
which sounds come.
#¢* Competent: You can fight and predict your en-
locations at the same time.
Expert: You can almost "feel" where your oppo-
nents are,
e200 Master: You possess an almost mystical sense —
Zen and the Art of Spatial Awareness.

Possessed by: Ninja, Assassins, Spelunkers, Masters
of Zen Archery

Specialties: Dodging, Punching, Indoors, Dueling,
Multiple Foes,

Camouflage

You can change your appearance through a mixture
of clothing, makeup and movement, rendering you dil
cult to spot in a variety of different surroundings. This is
not the ability to look like someone else, but simply to
hide.

Novi

Boy Scout

** Practiced: Infantry trooper

Competent: Marine
Expert: Special Forces
© Master: Ninja
Possessed by: Hunters, Military Personnel, Spies,
Assassins, Poachers
Specialties: Woods, Mountains, Urban, Open Coun-
try, Arctic

Demolitions

You have a knowledge of explosives and demolition

that allows you to set off and build all types of bombs, if

given the proper equipment. Of course, this is a good deal

more difficult in the Underworld than it was in the

Skinlands, but anyone with this skill will be in demand by
nyone with a grudge against the Hierarchy. Similarly,

skinriding the right terrorist at the right time can lead to

an avalanche of relics. You know how to handle neatly

inything — dynamite, plastic explosives, nitroglycerin,
lack powder, blasting cord, even napalm. Additionally,

you know the techniques for disarming explosives, which

‘can come in very handy.

* Novice: Guy Fawkes

Practiced: Leroy Moody

Competent: Underground Chemist

Expert: You blow up Hierarchy Transports for a

"© Master: Bye-bye, World Trade Center.

Wraith Players Guide

Possessed by: Terrorists, Police Bomb Squads, Armed
Forces Personnel, Anarchists, Renegades

Specialties: Dynamite, Plastic Explosives, Car Bombs,
Disarmament, Detection
Disguise

You can change your appearance — and even make
yourself look like another specific persor through the
use of clothes and makeup. While this skill is not neces-
sary to use the Arcanos Moliate, it allows for a great deal
. Novice: Good enough to fool someone who
knows neither you nor the person you're impersonating.
Practiced: Good enough to fool some of the
people some of the time.
*** Competent: Good enough to fool some of the
ost of the time,
Expert: Good enough to fool most of the people
most of the time.
Master: Good enough to fool those n¢
dearest to you most of the time.

Possessed by: Actors, Spies, Undercover Cops, Crimi-
nals, Con Artists, Masquers

Specialties: Specific Person, Type of Person, Conceal
Own Identity

Clinbing

You can climb mountains and/or walls and seldom
have any fear of falling. The technical skills of chimneying,
spike-sctting and rappelling are all well-knowe: to you,
though, depending on your skill, you may be good ot in-
different at them. Remember, mountain climbing at ni
is far more difficult than a
see in the dark.
. Novice: You can scale easy mountains or walls
lholds.
Practiced: You went on mountaineering vaca-
tions. You can climb heavily weathered stone or brick walls.
¢. Competent: You worked in an "outdoor pursules
taineering instructor. You can climb
moderately rough stone or brick walls.
ei Experts You've done at least a couple of farnous
iks. You can free-climb a fairly smooth stone or brick

est and

wall,

Master: Everest and K2 are mild hikes. You could
free-climb the World Trade Center.

Possessed by: Mountaineers, Burglars, Enthusiasts
ies: Cliff, Hiking, lee, Buildings,

Spe


Dancing

You are a proficient dancer, and may perform socially
or for the entertainment of others. You are with
most varieties of dance, but specialize in one particular
style.
* Novice: You can manage a waltz at a wedding.
++ Practiced: You draw envious glances at weddings.
You could perform on the local amateur stage.
#66 Competent: You are the ralk ofthe ball. You could
perform on the local professional stage.
see Expert: People ask you to teach them. You could
perform on TV.
#4606 Masters Nijinsky, Fonteyn, Nureyev, Barishnikoy,
Astaire, Rogers, Kelley — and you.
Possessed by: Socialites, Pop S:
Ballet Dancers,
Specialti , Two-step, Foxtrot, Disco,
Show, Ballet, Ethnic, Tribal, Ecstatic, Pa
rile, Specific Time Periods

Escapology

You are skilled in various techniques that enable you
toescape from bonds and restraints. This skill is often used
f but can also be useful in rea life.
Children's party entertainer. Can escape
from loose or poorly-tied bonds.
s+ Practiced: Amateur entertainer. Can escape from
faicly well-tied bonds.
8 Competent: Professional enter
from handcuffs and chains.
seee Expert: Star. Can escape from a straitjacket
© Master: Legend. Can escape from just about any-
thing, You would feel safe tied in a sack underwater with a
ticking timebomb.
Possessed by: Entertainers, Spies, Spe
Amateurs, Pulp Detectives, Renegades
Specialties: Magic Tricks, Ropes, Boxes, Locks, Un-
derwater, Handcuffs, Showmanship, Arm Locks and Holds

fast Draw

This skill allows you to make a weapon ready almost
instantly. By rolling Dexterity + Fast-Draw and getting
three successes, you can dra a weapon and have it ready
for use just as if it had been in your hand all along. The
difficulty depends on how securely stowed the weapon was
1 gun hidden in your underwear is harder to reach than
one in a belt holster! This skill can be used with
weapon. When appropriate, the Fast-Draw score
added to your In

rs, Music Video
Dani

inthusiasts

nescape

Forces,

an be

i good, but not great.
Competent: You would have lasted a little while
in the Old West. You could work Wild West shows. You
are known among those who follow duels.
see Expert: Pretty fast. Your enemiesare wary of your
speed in drawing your ebon blade.
'* Master: Greased lightn
able to take down Billy the Kid.
Possessed by: Knife-Fighters, Gunfighters, Martial
Artists, Cops, Specis
Specialties: Knife

fast-Jalk

This Skill allows you to convince someone of some-
thing usinga sincere expression and an avalanche of words
rather than reasoned debate and logic. It's a surprisingly
effective technique, provided thar the mark has no time

. You might have been

Forces, Vigilantes
, Pistol, Sword, Arrow, Rifle/Shotgun

to think and does not have a Wits rating of four or more.
The Storyteller should carefully judge whether this Skill
is appropriat zen situation, or whether it would be
better to use some other Ability
. Novice: Vacuum-cl
Practiced: Used-c:
Competent: Professional con artist
Expert: Teflon-coated politician
Master: You could sell sand to the Saudis
Possessed by: Salesmen, Con Artists, Politicians,
Televangelists, "Riders of the Wheel" Heretics

Specialties: Sell, Confuse, Get Off the Hook, Con-
vince

Gambling

You are adept at one or more games of chance, and
can play without too much risk of losit
also increase your chances of winning without actually
cheating.

. Novi
. Pra

Saturday night poker with the boys
A couple of weeks in Vegas cach year
Competent: You are known in Vegas, Reno and

Atlantic City.

Expert: You make living from this. Your mother
despairs
e228 Master: You have to be careful not to tell peopl
Possessed by: Professional G:
blers
Specialties: Card Games, Dice Games, Roulette, One-
Armed Bandits

nblers, Amateur Gam-

Heavy Weapons

You have the ability to operate heavy weapons of all
varieties — anything from an M60 heavy machine gun to
a Dragon antitank weapon. Additionally, your knowledge
of the weapons includes an ability to repair them. Though
these weapons are extremely rare in the Underworld, the
person who knows how to use them will always be in de-
mand.

© Novice: Basic training

** Practiced: Operator

Competent: Warrior

Expert: Killer

'* Master: Rambo

Possessed by: Mercenaries, Armed Forces Personnel,
SWAT Officers

Specialties: Desert, Jungle, Night Fighting, Friend
from Foe, Loading

Hypnotism

You can place a subject into a trance and use hypno-
tism to gather information or treat psychiatric problems.
To place a willing subject into trance, make an opposed
roll of your Charisma + Hypnotism against the subject's
Intelligence. (For an unwilling and nobilized subject
to comply, use Intelligence + Willpower.) The number of
successes indicates the depth ofthe trance and can be added
to your Hypnotism to roll for the success of tasks. For ex-
ample, a hypnotist with Charisma 4 and Hypnotism 4 hyp-
notizes a willing subject with Intelligence 5. The hypno-
tist rolls 5 successes and the subject rolls 2 — a total of 3
successes in the hypnotist's favor, indicating a fairly deep
trance. The hypnotist can now roll seven dice (3 successes
plus four dice from Hypnotism 4) to probe the subject's
mind. Using this Skill successfully might reduce the diffi-
culty of some Arcanos by I or more, depending on the
cumstances.

* Novice: You do it to entertain occasionally.

i. Practiced: You are a skilled amateur.
Competent: You can find some interesting secrets.
Expert: You can dig very deeply.
© Master: You can discover secrets from a subject's
ast Lives.

Possessed by: Entertainers, Holistic Healers, New
Agers, Police Specialists, Psychiatrists
Specialties: Interrogation, Past-Life Regression,
Hypnotherapy, Behavior Modification

Wraith Players Guide

Lockpcking

You are able to open locks without the correct key or
the right combination. Though this SI iy be-
coming more and more obsolete with all the new security
devi use, there are enough locks still around to make.
it worthwhile.
* Novice: Simple mortise locks
*© Practiced: Cylinder locks and basic security locks
o> Competent Advanced security locks

Expert: Safes

* Master: Fort Knox

Possessed by: Burglars, Safecrackers, Spies, Lock-
smiths

‘Specialties: Key-Operated Locks, Combination Locks,
Mag-Card Locks, Alarm Systems

Misdiection
Misdirection deals with distracting people from what
you are trying to do. By making your subject focus his con-

centration elsewhere, you can steer him away from a sub-
ject of interest. The subject of interest could be anything

from what you are doing to an object sitting in plain sight.
© Novice: "Hey, your shoelace is untied!"

** Practiced: You're real good at card tricks.

*¢¢ Competent: You can make a living at misdirect-
ing people.

Expert: People give you things and then forget

that they did.

eeeee Master: Strangers forget that they ever met you.
Possessed by: Stage Magicians, Pickpockets, Con Men
Specialties: Theft, Concealment, Leading, Confusion

Pilot

‘You can operate a flying machine. Note that your skill
limits the types of aircraft you can fly. A glider pilot (one.
dot) cannot fly a helicopter (requiring four dots). While
flying machines are rare in the Underworld, certain char-
acters would posses this knowledge from when they were
alive, and on the rare occasions when an airplane does
cross the Shroud, experienced pilots are in demand.

* Novice: Club member; hang gliders only
s+ Practiced: Club champion; gliders and small air
craft only

Competent: Professional or club instructor; com
‘mercial airplane license

eee Expert: Military or display pilot; helicopter, any
type of commercial aircraft

eee Master: Top Gun


Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Pilots, Military, Police

Specialties: Night Flying, Thermals, Dogfights, Lor
Distances, Takeoffs and Landings, Gliders, Helicopters,
Light Planes, Corporate Jets, Commercial/Transport Jets,
Fighter Jets, Vintage Planes, Autogyros, Blimps, Balloons,
Hang Gliders, Microlights

Psychoanalysis

You are skilled in diagnosing and treating mental ail-
ments without resorting to the use of behavior-altering
drugs (which are well-nigh impossible to get in the
Shadowlands anyway!). During a session of analysis, you
may roll Intelligence + Psychoanalysis (difficulty of the
subject's Intelligence + 3). Keep track of your net suecesse
the Storyteller will decide how many successes are ne
sary to remove the illness. Even Freud couldn't cure people
in asingle session, so be patient! Note that itis possible to
treat an unwilling patient this way, although the difficulty
of so doing is equal to the subject's Willpower + 3.

* Novice: A shoulder to cry on
Practiced: Volunteer counselor
Competent: Professional counselor
Expert: Qualified psychoanalyst
Master

Possessed by: Psychoanalysts, Holistic Healers, Good
Listeners, Co , Parents, Teachers, Priests, Pardone

dian, Jungian, Humanist,
Childhood, Psychosis,
4, Terminology, Research

You can climb onto a riding animal and stand a good
chance of getting where you want to go without falling

off, being thrown or having anything else unpleasant hap-
pen to you. When attempting something difficult, or when.
danger threatens, the Storyteller may requite a Dexterity
+ Ride roll to avoid trouble. This Skill can also be com
bined with Mental Attributes to reflect your working
knowledge of the relevant trappings and equipment

. Novice: Pony club member; dude ranch vacations

Practiced: Pony club champion; weekend cow-
Competent: Pony club instructor; professional
Expert: Showjumping champion; rodeo star

Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Cowboys, Stunt Riders,

members of preindustrial societies

Spec jareback, Horse, Mule, Camel, Elephant,
Galloping, Tricks, No Hands


amateur societies or become a
band

Possessed by: Rock Musicians, Pop Stars, Opera

fat textbook in two to three hours
far & Peace in two to three hours
ed by: Academics, Literary Critics, Journal-

Technical, Fiction, Newspaper, Research,

The art of telling a story in an entertaining manner

for an audience, whether for pastime or profit. People en-

joy listening to you, and you h it for using words in

an evocative manner for an appreciative crowd


* Novice: You remember the punchlines to jokes
and can relate anecdores.
Practiced: Typical campfire and urban legend fare,
always asked for them.
Competent: You're frequently asked to tell sto-
ties and some people even leave tips.
¢¢ Expert: You're in demand and have entertained
large crowds.
Master: You can keep an aud
long as your voice holds out.
Possessed by: Troubadors, Bards, Sandmen, Travel-
ts, Chanteurs, Shamans, Storytellers
Specialties: Ballads, Epics, Folk Tales, Anecdotes

Swimming

You can keep yourself afloat, at the very least. Nor-
mal swimming speed is 8 yards (plus Dexterity) per turn.
A swimmer speed to 12 yards (plus Dex-
terity) if he is doing nothing else thar turn. With Swi
ming skill, a character can try to swim faster than normal
toll Stamina + Swimming, difficulty 7,
to your swi per success (one roll per turn ).
a Novice: You can swim.
oe Practiced: You can swi
tiods.
* — Competent: Instructor/Lifeguard
Expert: Swim team,
Master: Olympic gold

Possessed by: Athletes, Lifeguards, Scuba Divers, al-
most anyone else

Specialties: Racing, Distance, Sea, Survival, Lifesaving

Torture

You know how to inflict pain. Your ability is so pre-
re capable of interrogating
prisoners through torture and prolonging their suffering,
keeping them in extreme pain but denying them the re-

but you's

¢ spellbound as

ning spec:

fast, or for extended pe-

cise as to be a science. You

lease of either a Harrowing or Oblivion.
. Novice: You know how to hurt people in differ-
cent ways

Pra You are good at causing extreme pain
J can keep someone alive for interrogation purposes.

© Competent: You are equal to a military torturer.
You can create extremes of pain most people have never

experienced.
Expert: You are equal to a professional torturer.
You are able to get almost any information you want out
of your subject.

Master: You are an artist, a virtuoso of pain and
suffering.

Possessed by: Military Interrogators, Prison Guards

Spe ities: Exotic Methods, Prolonging Life, Pain,
Flagellation

Tracking

‘You can identify the trail of an animal or person and
follow it under most conditions. The difficulty of such
feat varies according to the conditions — following fresh
tracks in deep snow is easier than following week-old tracks
across a concrete sidewalk!
. Novice: Boy Scout
Practiced: Eagle Scout
Competent: Hunter
Expert: Native American guide
Master: You could track someone through the

Tempest.
Possessed by: Hunters,
Detectives

Specialties: Wolf, Deer, Rock, Urban, Identification,
pest

Traps
You know how to set various types of traps according
to the type of game you want to catch.
. Novice: Boy Scout
Practiced: Weekend survivalist
Competent: Outdoorsman
Expert: Mountain man
Master: "Well done! And I thought dragons were

alists, Special Forces,

extinet.

Possessed by: Trappers, Special Forces, inh
of remote places

Special

Knowledges
Area Knowledge

You are familiar with an area — its landscape, history,
inhabitants and mortal politics. This Knowledge will also
provide a basic "who's who" for the areas around
* Student: Youknowa
College: You may have lived there for a year or

Specific Species, Deadfalls, Pits

haunt.
ir amount for an outsider.

Masters: You may have lived there for 5-10 ye:
Doctorate: You're native born, and never left.

Scholar: You know every stone, stream or build-
in the area.


story, Geography, Wildlife, Enemies,
Politics, Transportation, Law

ret a horoscope
e ding to some systems,
the place) of a person's birth, you can construct a person+
ality profile and a set of predictions about the
of his Whether you actually believe these r
isa matter of personal taste, but you can present them ina
and pleasing manner to those who do believe

Astrology is a common Ability among members of the
Hand of Fate.

. You merely dabble,

. ask you to make horoscopes for
them.

Masters: You could run a small astrology busi-

Doctorate: You could have a syndicated newspa-
per column.

jcholar: You could work for celebrities and poli

ticians.
Possessed
Agers, Old Hip,
Speci

Computer Hacking

The player must have at least two dots in Computer
before purchasing this
computer user to b
skill
represent:
use of the prog
world of yes/no,
that

strologers, Amateurs, Mystics, New

1 Horoscope,

when the user is breaking into other computer systems or
trying to manipulate data in time." The
Ability is used for programming or other miscellaneous
tasks. Hacking is used most often as a complementary

codes that a normal pro
to figure out. Further suggestions for hacki
Chapter Four: Rules.


+ Student: You are a computer geek who knows a
few tricks, such as changing your grades in the university
‘computer network.
College: You have great "luc
puter passwords
Masters: You thought your electric bill was too
high last month, but you can fix that with a few keystrokes.
eee Doctorate: Now that you've cracked the bank
codes, which is it: Rio or Bermuda?
Scholar: The European Community was pretty
annoyed about that thermonuclear incident, but you know
they can never trace it back to you

Possessed by: Computer Geeks, CIA Operatives,
Artificers

guessing com-

es, Data Retrieval, Networking,
Magickal Protections, Telecommunications

Cryptography

You may skillfully compose and interpret codes and
ciphers. You can construct a code that can only be cracked
by someone who scores as many successes as you have dots
in this Knowledge. You cat 9 crack a code, rolli
Knowledge against a difficulty assigned by the Storyteller
depending on the code's complexity.
. Student: Encyclopedi
buff, military signals officer
Samet Intelligence officer
Doctorate: Intelligence cipher specialist
Scholar: No More Secrets.

Possessed by: S| e Buffs, Military Signals
Personnel

Specialties: Letter Shi
Obscure Cl ter Sets

Dead Languages

‘The so-called "dead languages" are still being spoken
and understood in the Underworld. You can read the writ.
ten form, comprehend the spoken form, and carry on a
Auent conversation.

* Student: One additional language
College: Two additional languages
Masters: Three additional languages
Doctorate: Four additional languages
Scholar: Five additional languages
Possessed by: Gaunts, Deathlords, Scholars

Specialties: Cuneiform, Hittite, Od Egyptian, Anglo-
Saxon, Indo-European

Brown

pies, Pus

, Mathematical Encryption,

<a el

ind language of heraldic
and symbols, and can interpret a coat of arms or mask of
office. You can also design a proper heraldic device and
use the appropriate Legion signs and office forms correctly
Successful recognition of a mask or device will impart a
small degree of knowledge about the owner.

. Student: Amatcur, beginning clerk

College: Adjustor, political wannabe

Masters: Inspector, courtier

Doctorate: Political player, minister

Scholar: Facade Master

Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Artficers, Administrators,

Specialties: Guild, Masks of Office, Legions, Mo
Heraldry

history

You've studied the history of « specific area or period,
happened, when, why and who
idea of social, political,
condit

this Knowledge relates only to times and pl
outside their direct experience. For instance, a
in Victorian London would rely on memory for knowl-
edge of English history and culture, but would use History
\cover information about classical Gree

which wa
soutside 2

out Czarist Russia, which

. Student: Amateur or high school
College: Enth
Masters: Grad student or
Doctorate: Professor

+h fellow

student

oF colle

uthor

holars, Mentors

|, Intellectual, Social, Economic,
Medieval, Renaissance, Modern,
. Asia, Africa, Aust

ties Politic
Technological, C
rope, Ameri

lore

You're familiar with the subcultures of the World of
Darkness

the scoop on vampires, werewolv
the fey and your own kind. Each type of Lore must be put
chased as a separate Knowledge; accurate ditt on the
Camarilla won't tell you anything about the halls of
Arcadia.


Much of your information will be secondhand, and
thus suspect. Ir bears noting thar the different "players" in
the world-behind-the-scenes often have wildly inaccurate
perceptions of each other. A wraith, meeting a vampire,
won't immediately ask "What clan are you, and where's
your prince?" Likewise, a Heretic will not immediately
know the history of the Renegade Council.

This kind of knowledge will not be easy to come by,
and some knowledge can be actively harmful, especially
Wyrm Lore. There really are some things man was not
‘meant to know!

* Student: You've heard a few dubious ales.

2% College: You know a few accurate facts.

s*¢ Masters: Familiar enough to hold an intelligent
conversation.

see Doctorate: You know a few things they'd rather
you didn'r know.

#*686 Scholar: You know your subjects better than they
know themselves. This can become a real problem!

Possessed by: Sages, Tale-Tellers, Research Assistants,
Spies

Varieties: (Each one bought separately) Faerie, For-
bidden Secrets, Garou, Kindred (general), Camarilla,
Sabbat, Technocracy Mages, Tradition Mages, Wyrm,
Changelings, Hierarchy, Heretics, Renegades

Poisons

You have a working knowledge of poisons, their ef-
fects and antidotes. You can analyze a poison to tell its
origin, and can mix a poison or antidote given time and
‘equipment. You must have at least one dot in Science to
acquire this Knowledge

. Student: Dabbler

College: Detective, Mystery Reader

Masters: Pharmacist, Mystery Writer
Doctorate: Forensic Scientist, Emergency-Room

Doctor
e006 Scholar: Assassin, Dana Scully
Possessed by: Progenitors, Mystery Buffs, Detectives,

Pharmacists, Medics, Assassins

Specialties: Venoms, Chemical Poisons, Plant-based.
Poisons, Analysis, Antidotes, Instant Poisons, Slow-build
Poisons, Undetectable Poisons, Magickal Poisons

Poology

‘You have a formal education in the science of human.
nature. You know the modern theories of emotion, cogni-

tive development, personality, per
Though this is largely a scholarly understanding of the
human psyche, it can be used practically to understand
those around you.
. Student: Took a course in high school
College: Upper-level seudies
Masters: Grad
Doctorate: Professor
Scholar: Theorist
Possessed by: Teachers, Researchers, Scientists,
Counselors, Psychologists, P:
Specialties: Behaviorism, Freudian, Jung
ist, Developmental, Exper , Animals

Science Specialties

The subtleties of scienes
acters who special
ematics, Engineering, Cybernetics, etc.) more than others
should simply take that Sci ave Knowledge
with specific applications outside of the more general body
of knowledge that is represented by the Science Trait.

* Student: A basic understanding of the concepts
involved

te work,

n, Hu

an-

College: A working knowledge of the subject
Masters: Good enough to bend the rules with-
out breaking them.

Doctorate: Extensive and esoteric theories.
Scholar: You know so much that you can prove
anything you want within your chosen field.

ch Technicians

» Mathemat-

ientists, Res

ics, Cybernetics, Metallurg
Science

Sign Language

language separately. Ninja, deaf
wraith Circles have their own sep

people, spies and many
These

nd codes

i this training may range from easy to dat
impossible.


ylang

You know all the hip expressions fo
riod and maybe a few others, and can "date" someone
accurately by their slang. You can identify something as
"cool" or "gauche," and whether the guy is "brother" ora
"square." You can also tell when you're being insulted or
praised and can give back in kind.

Way Cool
ip Daddy-o
Scholar: Motor-mouth
Possessed by: Teenagers, Journalists, Undercover Op-
eratives
Specialties: Valley Girl, Regional, Gang, Alternative,
Gumpisms

Theology

Religion is a familiar aspect of human endeavor for
you, and you fully understand its place in the world. At
higher levels, this Knowledge imparts an appreciation for
all religious beliefs, while individuals with less skill tend
10 view their own beliefs as intrinsically superior to any

of course, varies with the individual. Posses
sion of this Knowledge in no way requires personal belief
in the tenets of any specific religion.
Student: Participant
College: Altar boy

Theologians, Atheists, Heretics

Specialties: Women's Theology (ofte
Theaology), Comparative, Liberation, Agnosticism, C
tian, Buddhist, Branch Davidian, Specific Heretic Cults



Wraith

hy, Heretic

these groups really stand for? What is

the difference between bein
ber of a Renegade G acolyte
c Cult, if they both oppose the Hierarchy? This
answers, as well as background

mem-

ofall
chapter provides some of th
information about the history and unique cultures of each
faction within the Underworld

The Hierarchy

five-foot-two and he's six-feet-four
I) He fights with missiles and with spears

He'sall of thirty-one and he's only seventeen
Been a soldier for a thousand
—Bufly See. Marie, "Universal Soldier"
The Hierarchy's original purpose
was twofold: to assist the passage of souls through the
Underworld and to stem the tide of Oblivion. Its structure
developed a military cast to more successfully further those
aims, The Restless Dead needed to be guided in their at
tempts to leave the world of the Quick behind them. At
the same souls needed to be monitored and

ind lead them to

You gave the best you had to give

You only have one life to live

You fought so hard, you were a slave

Afterall you gave there was nothing lef to give

— Alan Parsons Project, "Nothing Left To Lose"

Socie

Oblivion. The example of
up of small groups, which i
larger groups, formed both the best m
hs in their individual stru
dence and the most effective w
individu

Despite the changes that hav
turies as the

well-disciplined army

turn made up succes
ins of directing thes
woachi nscen-
of mustering these same
if against Oblivion.
occurred over the cen-

Is for use as troops in the

adowlands reflected the progress of civili- @
zation, the titles by which Hierarchy wraiths are know
have persisted, although in most Necropoli they are only
the vestigial remains of a system that has grown beyond
its vocabulary

Most wraiths who belong to the Hierarchy do not
consider themselves to be soldier cept in the most broad
philosophical terms (ie.,"We are al soldiers in the battle
). Although they may hold a "rank'
or Centurion and may belong to a
Cohort, this simply 1 i they have been recruited,
claimed or captured by the agents of one of the Deathlords,
marked with that Lon' particular seal, and then left to go
about their own business. They represent the typical, la
abiding citizen of the Underworld. In times of need, th
can be called to serve their Deathlord, much as a nation
lls up its reserves when a crisis threatens. Addi-
cover the centuries, the Hierarchy has developed
ing whose members, while not subject §
to the military discipline of the Hierarchy's Legions, ne
ertheless maintain a strict progression of authority w
parallels the ranks of the armies of Stygia.

Wath Socey 55


‘Wraiths who actively serve the Hierarchy as soldiers
take their rank much more seriously. The Hierarchy re-
mains more strictly tied to the notion of rank than any
other group in the Underworld, and as a result, a kind of
caste system has held on in the Shadowlands even into
the present day. Leaders still lead, and followers still fol-
low, but most Hierarchy officers — at least in the middle
ranks — have learned to listen to the ideas of their subor-
dinates. The bitter lessons of the Skinlands have taught
even the most hardened Hierarchy veterans that the sol-
dices whose survival depends on their leaders' wisdom serve
best when they have some voice in their own destiny.

To see the Hierarchy as a faceless mass of regimented
soldiers is to see them through a distorted lens of presuppo-
sition. In realty, the Legions of each Deathlord have their
own unique structure, a structure which reflects the overall
nature of the wraiths who fall under their control. Disci-
pline varies among the Deathlords as well as within each
Centution's patrol. Although the stereotypical image of units
of depersonalized soldiers can still be found among the Hi-
cerarchy — particularly in Stygia, where the shadow of the
modern world barely reaches — most Hierarchy patrols re-
flect the unique natures and talents of the individuals who
comprise them. The general tenor of the Necropolis in which
a Hierarchy wraith resides also affects her attitude, A
Necropolis constantly under siege will tend to produce a
more militaristic, discipline-oriented Hierarchy branch,
rather than one which pays only lip service to Stygia.

Most Hierarchy patrols contain a variety of individ
als who serve as recruiters, educators, public relations ex-
perts, intelligence officers, social directors, quartermasters,
liaisons, scouts, spies, and, of course, combat specialists.
Specialized patrols do exist, but often these are assembled
con an ad hoc basis (such as the need for a group of spies to
infiltrate a suspected Renegade or Heretic stronghold).

Mobility is also possible (and in many cases encour-
aged) within the Hierarchy. Lemures recruited as lowly
Legionnaires may eventually make their way up the ranks
of the Hierarchy. Gaining the coveted position of Centu-
rion, or patrol leader, occupies the time and effort of many
Legionnaires who seek out every opportunity to shine in
situations where their excellence will be noticed. Like-
wise, in the Hierarchy's administrative structure, re
ful and enterprising Clerks (roughly equivalent
to Legion may entertain hopes of rising within the
ranks by attracting the attention of their supervisors. Most,
Legionnaires and Clerks are destined to remain perpetual
subordinates — but then, most mortals remain in low-sta-
tus positions throughout their careers as well

For those fortunate enough to achieve promotion to
‘Centurion and receive their own patrols, a whole new world
of social and political maneuvering opens up. In theory,
Centurions gain their position through superior perfor-

mance (or judicious brown-nosing). Therefore, holding onto
their ranks as patrol leaders becomes an endless struggle to
stay one step ahead of the rank and file. A few wraiths seem
to find their niche as patrol leader, the veteran "sergeant"
stereotype of many war films or the unambitious office or
assembly line worker. However, most Centurions are in-
tent on moving upward, and see their status as a conve-
nient way to catch the attention of their superiors. Within,
the administrative arm of the Hierarchy, Adjustors see their
rolesas only the first step towards gaining real power within
the Hierarchy. In corporate terms (and in some ways the
Hierarchy can also be viewed as a vast corporation), the
Centurions and Adjustors make up the lower-middle n
agement, the ralent pool from which a few individuals are
chosen to fill openings higher in the "company."

Centurions who achieve recognition for their abili-
ties or successfully maneuver themselves into their superi-
ors' good graces may be promoted to the rank of Marshal,
and gain responsibility over a number of patrols — and
their Centurions. At this level of authority, true talent
wins out over looks and charm, and most successful Mar-
shals can point to exemplary track records to support their
claim to power. Within the administrative wing, upwardly
mobile Adjustors who excel in their duties can look for-
ward to promotion to the coveted position of Inspector.

Marshals, in the Hierarchy's quasi-feudal framework,
occupy the place of minor lords. Many wraiths who have
risen to the rank of Marshal fall prey to the complacency
associated with being a big fish in a small pond. Others
find they enjoy the idea of having power over a well-de:
fined area (usually a Haunt of some significance) and use
their small influence to implement their own particular
philosophy of leadership. Marshals often find themselves,
beset by pressures from both above and below. They are
close enough to the "troops in the field" to be aware of
their needs while they themselves are subject to orders
from above — orders which are often at odds with the real
needs or capabilities of the available patrols. Administra-
tive Inspectors share the difficulties of their military coun-
terparts, with whom they are expected to establish a co-
operative relationship. When military and civil needs come
into conflict, however, Marshals and Inspectors usualy bear
the brunt of the ensuing power struggles.

As the primary enforcers of local policies, Marshals
and Inspectors are subject to criticism from both superiors
and subordinates when things go wrong, although successes
‘are more often attributed to the "wisdom" of their super
ors in the Hierarchy. Nevertheless, a Marshal (or Inspec-
tor) skilled in manipulation can sometimes manage to re-
verse this perception. Failures can appear to result from
poor conceptualization at higher levels, while successes
seem to come from her own tenacious efforts. Marshals
who prove themselves, and who maintain favorable rela-


tion of Minister.

Regents and Ministers represent the highest authority
not directly based within a Necropolis' Citadel. Attaining
these honored positions implies that a wraith has demon.
strated her loyalty to the tof Sty
the same time a ‘enough favorable attention to
herself to w scantial reward. The Hierarchy de-
pends on its Regents to coordinate the activities of a num
ber of Marshals. Ministers, while supervising the work of
the Inspectors in thei re also in chary

while at

of equipping
watchful
eye on the economy. Regents and Ministers must be able
to work within their own Deathlord's Legions as well as

ionships with their counterparts in

ice of other Deathlords. They receive their instruc-
tions directly from the Citadel, and it is their responsibil
ity to see that th Jecropolis under their con-

tors of a

en the current state of Stygian af-

fairs, chis is not an easy task. A Regent who manages to

keep her neck of the woods even relatively stable will some:
es receive an invitation to join the ranks of the privi-
as Overlords — advisors to the

ime fashion, Ministers

become Chancellors

councils of Overlords and Chancellors. These are the wraiths
who have direct nccess to the Anacreon they serve, and
whose advice often becomes policy. Theie voices often reach
the halls of Stygia itself — and truly ambitious Hierarchy
wraiths see appointment to the position of Overlord or
Chancellor as a sure means of gaining entry into the high-
est levels of Stygian polities, or perh
Stygia itself. Overlords and up the "cabi-
net" of the Anacreon, offering counsel and advi
Anacreon of their Legion. When the Necro,
ened by either a Maelstrom o mn of Spe
the business of both Overlords and Ministers to remain on

ps even the halls of

ancellors

to the
threat

d formu

strategies for the
he ach Overlord takes p
nes of war over a Chancellor's recommendat
in less stressful times the situation tends to be

Althou

top of the situ

eon. Usually,

sed.

ove that of
rion and Adjustor are theoretically direct appointments
b Anacreon, in reality, most ates for high
fices are brought to the Anacreon's attention by one or
more of her trusted counselors. An Overlord or Chancel.
k the ranks of a Necropolis with
wraiths who are loyal to her, while seeming to brin al-
ent" to the attention of her superior. Although the
Anacreons— at least the savvy ones — realize this, there

lor can therefore


is little they can do to alter this system except exercise
damage control by carefully choosing their advisors. It is
said that any Anacreon who finds herself suddenly with-
‘out a job, and her position assumed by one of her staff of
advisors, obviously did not choose her Overlords or Chan-
cellors with enough care.

The goal of many Hierarchy wraiths (particularly those
who were politicians or leaders of one sort or another in
life) isto attain the rank of Anacreon, thus becoming the
commander of her Legion in her Necropolis. The

reon sets the tone for members of her Legion in any
opolis. The amount of discipline exercised within a
ion depends on how strongly that Legion's Anacreon
adheres to the rules. Anacreons may arise from the high-
est levels of either the Hierarchy's military or administea-
tive wings. Consequently, the degree of regin 2
within any given Citadel may depend on whether the
‘Anaereon comes from the military or civilian caste. In most
cases, by the time a wraith has garnered sufficient power
(and attention from Stygia) to ascend to this top post, she
thas also gathered a fairly realistic assessment of wraith so
ciety, including the best strategies for dealing with Her-
etics and Renegades within her Necropolis. Like living
pol 1s, many Anacreons-to-be cultivate an image
which they feel will impress the Hierarchy enough to gain
them their coveted appointment. Onee in power, how.
‘ever, most Anacreons drop the pose and reve:
colors, for good or for ill. Stygia is too far away to keep
constant tabs on the internal polities of all its Necropoli
As long as an Anacreon keeps the flow of commerce be-
tween her Necropolis and Stygia within acceptable limits,
she is generally left undisturbed. In faet, many distant out-
posts have become mini-Stygias, with the Council of
Anacreons in absolute control of their turf.

qhe Hierarchy since Charon
Disappearance

Since the disappearance of Cl the Hierarchy
hhas had to adapt itself to leading without an apparent
leader. Rather than elevate one of their own to the throne
of Stygia, thus implying that one of the Lexio
some way superior toall the others, the Deathlords elected
to rule as a Council. While many privately harbor a cyni-
cal attitude towards the idea of a Stygian rule-by-commit-
tee, this decision has many positive aspects not immedi-
ately apparent to wraiths unfamiliar with political intrigue.

First of ll, since no one Deathlord has supreme power,

their true

‘example of cooperation among the Legions within any
given Necropolis (*...ifthey can do it, we have to doit...")
‘Third, and most importantly, the illusion that the Hierar-
chy is keeping Charon's rightful place ready for his return
maintains the belief that one day Charon will ew. For
many wraiths, this hope is all chat keeps them within the
Hierarchy —and the Deathlords are painfully aware ofthis

The disadvantages inherent in rule by council may,
however, ultimately outweigh the advantages. Even within
a group of equals, there will always be an attempt to be
"first among equals." The political mancuverings that go
‘on within the Council of Deathlords often take precedence
ich as the survival of Stygia,
Important decisions frequently depend more on political
alliances within the Couneil than on the actual factors
affecting those decisions. Each Deathlord seeks to advance
in power, usually at the expense of one or more of the
other Deathlords, and these quests for personal advance
ment often have dire repercussions throughout Stygia and
its Necropoli,

Regardless of their private ambitions, all the
Deathlords realize the importance of maintaining at least
the appearance of stability. They know that the solidarity
of the Shadowlands depends upon a strong, orderly social
structure which ean stand as a bulwark against Oblivion
and the Spectres who serve it. To this end, the Deathlords
take extreme measures to prevent information leaks ot
rumors of dissent within Stygia's highest Circle. To a cer-
tain extent, this fagade endures throughout the Necropoli
as well, where the Councils of Anacreons promote the
public image of cooperation while privately following theit
‘own ambitious schemes.

Charon's disappearance also served to accelerate a
growing trend within the Hierarchy. From its origins as a
social structure intended to guide wraiths towards Transe
dence, the Hierarchy has devolved into a self-perpetuating
organization that officially denies that Transcendence is
possible, or even desirable. The modern Hierarchy realizes
that their power lies in keeping the Underworld populated
with easily controllable wraiths. Thus, encouraging the
sgroundlings toward Transcendence is not on their agenda,

Styeian Feudalism

Despite modernization in some areas, the Hierarchy
has stagnated in its social evolution. It still rests at a level
which corresponds to the feudal structure that developed
during the Middle Ages. Originally, its structure was based
on the Graeco-Roman model and depended heavily on
the concept of citizen or soldier vs. non-citizen (slave).
The ranks and titles of the Hierarchy's military framework
still reflect those origins: Cohort, Legion, Cent


ism in the Skinlands offered a more
viable pattern to the Hierarchy's social orga
dalism
dal society knew her place, and participated in the dy
namics of fealty, owing loyalty and obedience to those
above her while expecting the same from those below her.
This tight reciprocal construction helped strengthen the
Hierarchy' ability to act as a bastion against Oblivion.

Although the living world has ad

structure far beyond the medi
erarchy shows areal reluctance ernice, feeling thi
other political systems are too easily subject to uncontrol-
lable change. The rulers of the Underworld fear that any
change in government or leadership would leave Stygia
vulnerable to attacks from opportunistic Spectral armies.
The scemingly changeless nature of feudalism offers con-
stancy with which the Hierarchy cannot afford to tamper

The Role of Thalls in Society

Understanding the role of slavery in the creation and his

tory of freedom has forced us to face certain disquieting aspects
of the relationship between good and evil, as well as the prob-
lem of harmony and contradiction in the etiology of those things
we most cherish... The history of freedom and its handmaiden,

inthe open what we cannot stand to he

t inhering in the good which we defend with our lives i often

Orlando Patterson, Freedom

Charon instituted the concept of thralldom in re-
sponse to the growing numbers of relatively weak wraiths
who were becoming stranded in the Shadowlands — un.
able to Transcend, but lacking the strength to stand against
the lures of the Spectres and the call of Oblivion. The
concepts of liberty and the rights of the individual had
not yet gained popularity in the Skinlands; in fact, those
concepts did not come into their own until the Age of
Enlightenment. Individuals were viewed primarily within
their social context. Those who would not willingly con-
tribute to the good of society, or those who posed a threat

to society asa whole, required drastic measures to control.

them. When Charon first realized that something had to
be done to prevent vast numbers of wraiths from feeding
Oblivion, the only real concept available to him was the
one practiced by most early cultures: enslavement. Over
the centuries, the status of the chained and subjugated
wraiths has undergone a series of transformations. Still,
like the Hierarchy, its overall pattern has stabilized at the
medieval level. The chained w


The Origins of Slavery

In the Skinlands, the practice of taking slaves origi-
nated in most societies with the necessity of doing some-
thing with captives taken in wat. These prizes of war had

itty,
1

to be somehow integrated into a hostile society in such a
way that their potential danger as enemies (albeit con-
quered ones) was neutralized. Social status predated any
concept of personal liberty: Slavery, at least in its incep-
primarily a severe reduction in status.

tion, wi

Inma
1 process of event
cod by bra

other form of ritual disfigurement to denote their status
(or lack thereof) as "non-persons," oF in some cases, a8
"children." If escape could be a problem, they were either
hobbled or lamed. In some cultures, slaves were possessed
by the entire tribe or community. In other societies, par-
ticularly those where status began to equate to propert
slaves were owned by the warrior who captured them or
who earned them as prizes for demonstrated feats of brav-
ery in battle. Additionally, slaves were used as breeding
stock, to ensure that tribes did not suffer from inbreeding.
In these cases, the children of slaves were considered to be
full members of the society into which they were born.
Oceasionall (0 tribal membership.
This ceremony of manumission usually involved a ritual
of symbolic rebirth, renaming and formal adoption.
As societies grew larger and more settled, the value of
aves as forced labor became evident, and the emphasis
shifted from assimilation to subjugation. The Babylonians,
Egyptians, Greeks, and Romans (among others) all used
ave labor to construct some of theit civilizations' great-
est achievements, such as the Pyramids and Hanging Gar-
dens. The concept of slavery took yet another evolution-
ary step, from assimilable non-person to status symbol £0
property to marketable commodity, or even currency. In
societies where the gods (or their priests) demanded sacri-
fices, slaves became another form of property or wealth
that could be destroyed on the altar. They were also a ready
source of commerce, a8 tr

; as spices or cloth,
In the Underworld, thanks to the emerging talents of

the Antficers' Guild and the creation of the soul-forges,
ju ly transformed into market-
able goods. They served as raw material which could be
shaped and crafted into tools, weapons, and luxuries for
the wraiths of Stygia. This wholesale smelting of souls be-
came a hideous parody of the living world's slave-based
economy, and the ignominious deaths of thousands of over-
worked, undemo wes in the ancient societies of
Babylon, Egype, C 1d Rome only resulted in the
tion of more and more wraithly candidates for the

Stygian fi

ed wraiths were lite

The Rise of Feudalism

With the advent of feudalism in the Skinlands came
a new way of regarding slaves. Feudal society emphasized
the importance of holding the land and promoting agri-
culture. Land-based economies desperately needed a stable
work force, which could not be drawn from the warrior
class, who were primarily responsible for protecting the
land's integrity for their lord. The vast majority of people
during the Middle Ages (before the advent of a city-based
middle class) became serfs and, through the logic of feudal
society, accepted the protection of the local lord in return
for working the land of their liege. The feudal contract
tied them to the land. The "slave class," at least in feudal
Europe, largely disappeared into this lowest thrall class

This transformation was mirrored in Stygia as well, as
Charon saw the benefits of feudal stability. Although stil
termed "thralls," the masses of souls that crowded the
Underworld received a slight upgrade in actual status. The
Stygian Hierarchy began to develop a protective attitude
towards the lower orders. In a feudal society tralls held a
secure, albeit lowly, place in the social structure. Unlike
slaves, whose existence depended on the whim of their
owners, thralls enjoyed both protection and security, al-
though the price they paid was high. In Stygia, Charon's
Hierarchy adopted a more paternalistic demeanor towards.
the thralls under its care, On the surface, Charon'sfollow-
ers seemed to obey his wishes, br in reality, ew Deathlords
or their minions truly had the "best interests" of thei thalls
at heart. After all, the economy of Stygia depended on
the steady production of trade goods for its well-being, and
the Stygian forges were in constant need of souls.

Changing Times, Changing Perceptions

‘The status of thralls has risen and fallen to reflect the
Skinlands' chang iews on the worth of the individual.
During the Renaissance and the Age of Enlightenment,
society began to take tentative steps away from the group
mentality associated with earlier historic periods. The ad-
vent of a middle class of merchants and tradesmen, along
with a resurgence of interest in classical philosophers, led
to an elevation in status for thralls in general. No longer
were they perceived as forever chained to their lowly es-
tate; rather, they had the opportunity for eventual release
from thralldom through their own efforts. As the concepts
of indentured servitude and apprenticeships gained in
popularity in the Skinlands, these models were adopted
by Charon as a means of giving thralls a second chance at
becoming true members of his Hierarchy. The promise of
reward for good behavior encouraged many thralls to work
hard in the hopes of eventual release into the actual ranks
of Stygian society.


With the beginning of the Age of Exploration and
Imperial Expansion, however, the lower classes of society
were once again seen in terms of their porential for ex:
ploitation. Europe colonized the New World with religious
and political dissenters, with criminal transportees and
with their excess population in general. Colonists were
seen primarily as markers of territory and as providers of
raw materials for their mother countries. The importation
of slaves from Africa and the subsequent growth of the
slave trade as an independent source of revenue led to the
further devaluation of the individual, and a return to the
lier view of people as property. The Hierarchy, in their
haste to settle the New World, also moved towards an
imperialistic frame of mind. Thralls once again suffered
from this devolution of their status.

‘The Age of Revolution saw the emergence of the rights
and value of the individual. The formation of indepen-
dent governments in the former colonies of Europe was
partly due to the fruition of political philosophers whose
works resulted in the popularization of ideas such as in-
alienable rights and personal liberty. Slavery was seen,
pethaps for the first time, as an inherently evil and de
grading institution. In Stygia, thralls began to hope once
more for their eventual liberat Hierarchy viewed
this new development as at to its power. In
many Necropoli, the Council of Anacreons instituted
draconian measures to prev olution. In.
few places, however, shrewder led. The rep:
resentatives of Stygia appeared to acquiesce to the new
spirit of individual freedom without altering their meth-
cds in any way, relying on the certainty that their subjects
would believe what they were told. In this way, the Hier-
archy managed to retain control of its Citadels and out-
posts, even in the midst of worldwide revolution.

‘The Industrial Ag tits own horrific twist. The
tise of factories and mass production resulted in an ex-
treme level of depersonalization for the common folk. Now
the masses toiled in factories to produce goods for com-
mercial markets. Mindless machine labor replaced skilled
atisans, and the individual became just another expend-
able resource to add to the work force. The inception of
penal institutions (rather than grisly public executions or
ile imprisonment in dungeons) a to profit from
incarcerated criminals transformed the nature of punish-
ment during the 18th and 19th centuries. In Stygia, not
only did the wholesale use of thralls as raw for
the soul-forges ble proportions,
but the idea of thralldom as punishment for misbeh
and acts against the Hierarchy became firmly entrenched
in the social structure of the Shadowlands. By labeling
thralls as "criminals" or "social misfits," the Hierarchy
enabled most wraiths to put the fate of these unfortunate
souls conveniently out of their minds.

brouy

h heretofore


The Modern Thal

In the 20th century, thralls occupy a highly problem-
nd uncertain place in Stygian society. Enough vesti-
I feudalism remains within the Hi

ant thralls the "protection" of their
; the fate of most thralls is dictated by the needs of
a's economy. The rationale for the mass rendering of
thralls into forgeable matter is, of course, that the thralls
oomed to such a fate were inherently too weak to survive

hs,

nd that in this fashion they are better able to
lity of the Underworld, Paradoxi-
cally, along with the wholesale reduction of the worth of
the individual in general has com
tion of the individ

as wra

contribute to the sta

a corresponding eleva-

in particular

Popular myth states that thralldom is merely a transi-
tion period for wraiths who are initially too weak to con
a's well-being, or
that thralldom isa means of punishing (and making use of)
Is. These myths are not entirely false. Some thealls
ally win their rights as full members of the Hierar-

tribute in more productive ways to St

chy, either by fulfilling the terms of th
serving out their sentence for crimes against the Hierarchy,
Most thralls, however, find themselves trapped in a state of.
al servitude, subject to the largesse of their over

ndentures ot by

ly faced with,
ygian forges.

asters, or prison wardens and perpetu

the threat of a one-way trip to the fires of the

Playing a Hierarchy Character

Despite the darker aspects of Hierarchy society, some
of the richest opportunities for rolepl an emerge from
Wraith chi Aierarchy char
acters. Hierarchy wraiths occupy a wide variety of posi
tions within the society of the Shadowlands, and need not

nicles which feature Circles

be primarily soldiers. Depending on the nature of a par
ticular sto
drawn fi

Ac the
against Oblivion
war may very well demand a Circle of Hierarchy wraiths:

or chronicle, Hierarchy characters can be

ma diverse range of models.

society lies the endless stru
round this perpetu

we. Even so, within each
th particular sp

who are "combat-heavy" in na
patrol will be several wraiths
tated by their Arcanos. Com!

rage or Moliate for dealing d:

A patrol leades
tre hunters should be proficient in Argos and Fatalism

Other sorts of stories revolving around Hierarchy:

more emphasis on
ons and interpersonal skills and Arcanos. Hi-

*


rarchy detectives working within a Circle of wraiths loyal
to Stygia may become involved in investigating alleged
crimes, tracking down stolen Fetters of relics, or locat

newly deceased family members or friends for wraiths seck-

ing reunion with their loved ones beyond the Shroud. Hi

chy wraiths may also be called upon to enter the
Skinlands to track down Renegades or outlaws who vio-
lute Charon's code forbidding interaction with the world
of the Quick. Such wraiths will need to have knowledge of
the supposedly forbidden Arcanos of Puppetry and Embody,
and will need good stealth and investigative abilici

The Legion to which a Hierarchy wraith belongs also
has some influence on the personality and motivations of the
character — important factors in creating a fully developed
wraith. Considering the way in which a wraith died (and
therefore the Legion most likely to claim her) provides many
‘opportunities nga Hierarchy wraith. A wraith
belonging to the Legions of the Quiet Lord of Despair may be
more intense and moodier than a wraith who belongs to the
ady's Legions. Wraiths who died from happen
, Plague, olence or old age will have
latitude of personality t

person:

broad
s that distinguish them from other
individuals within the same Legions. While Hierarchy wraiths
willtend to belong to Circles which serve the same Deathlord,
they need not be carbon copies of one another.

For example, a Circle claimed by the Legions of the
Lord of Pestilence may include an AIDS victim, a textile
wotker who died of brown lung disease, a casualty of the
Black Plague, and a child who died before the advent of
the polio vaccine. All these individuals will have very if.
ferent personalities, even though the common thread of
their death brings them under the same Deathlord. Mem-
bers of a Circle which serves the Ladies of Fate may not
have any obviously common threads at all. The C
Fate are perhaps the most wari

of any in the Hierarchy.
Irisalso possible to play a Hierarchy wraith in a mixed
group, although special circumstances may be needed to ex-
is consorting with wraiths out

theofficial protection of Stygia. Wraiths who were con.
nected with each other in life may find themselves on oppo-
site sides of Stygian politics in death but may still associate

n why such an individ

with one another because of their emotional ties —
theextent of having mutual Fetters. A Hierarchy wraith may
willingly consort with Renegades or Heretics in the hopes of
converting them, or may have been assigned to infiltrate such

4 group with the goal of delivering them to the authorities.
A member of the Hi
rightness of her alle
structure, and seek refug

ichy might even begin to doubt the

¢ to the oppressive Sty

mong non-Hierarchy wi

The possibilities for playing Hierarchy-based chai

acters

are, infact, limited only by
ersand Storyteller. Supple

the collective creativity of play-

ts such as Haunts present other
kas for developing a character whose loyalties lie with Stygia.

[est Your Hierarchy Quotient

Before you decide that the Hierarchy is
character, takea few minutes to consider the
following questions and determine how your
fledgling wraith would answer them

* In life, w

¢ for your wraith

your occupation one of the
cial worker, attorney, judge, civil servant,

ick broker, doctor, blue:
usinessperson, or armed

detective, banker,
collar worker
forces member

* Were you a supporter of any or all of
the following: economic prosperity, family
values, police protection, central
ment, of ion, patriotism, com-

ized govern-

pulsory education?

* Did you believe that a sense of tradi-

tion vital to the well:

ng of any social
© Were you, in general, a "law-abiding
uur community? (Did you obey

the speed limit, pay your taxes, vote in gen
lections, etc

© Were you
lowing: community watch or

parent-teach

member of any of the fol-
ni
iwanis, ete),
groups, labor unions?

* Did you belong to a church, temple,
or other establishe oup (not a
cult) bec re to conform to

religious
the established norms of your society o be.
cause of family traditions rather than for any
truly spiritual reason?

ort over anarchy, or political moderation
over radicalism of either extreme?
tions is yes, then your wraith character might
find the Hierarchy both comforting and fi
miliar


Stereotypes:

Renegades
The Renegades represent the corrosive influence of
Oblivion itself. Their rebellion is the force that would wear
‘away atthe battlements of tradition and seructure that protect
the Shadowlands. We hunt them down not because they ds-
‘agree, but because they act out their disagreements in socially
unacceptable ways

— Gillian Rutherford, Centurion of the Fifth Legion

Hereties

"These deluded fools would distract us from the necessities
of dealing with the realities of our cuarent existence. At best,
they are annoyances. At worst, they are dangerous proselyti:
«x3 who actively seek to weaken our numbers. Fortunately for
their own convictions usually prevent them from taking any
concerted efforts to overpower ws.

— Dr. Martin Bowers, Marshal of the Emerald Legion

The Qui

The Code of Charon forbids us to consort with the living,
lest we weaken the integrity ofthe Shroud and leave ourselves
‘open to those whose powers can harm us or even drive ws into
Oblivion. Stil, ic is difficult to ignore the tears of our loved
‘ones, or the gloating cries of our murderers. While we unequivo-
cally condemn blatant violations of the barrier between the li
ing and the dead, we cannot prevent minor lapses. Some mi
tals — mages, members of the Arcanum, exorcsts, and dl
like — must be avoided at all cost. Attempts to contact th
dangerous foes must be met with the harshest pumitive mea-
sures

Supernatural Creatures
Despite our best efforts at secrecy, there are some beings

who know or suspect that we exist. We must make what ac
‘commodations we can with them, thle still preserving the Code
of Charon. The vampires of the Tremere will often consent to
pacts of mutual exploitation, but those of the Giowanni all too
‘often er to gain permanent control of our souls. The werewolves
who call chemselves Silent Striders know too much about us
already. Through thetr misguided effort at giving us "eternal
rest," they have cast many of us into the maw of Oblivion
Only the most foolhardy among us would dare to associate with
the creatures of faerie; how can a race that does not know tree
death hope to understand the complexities of
deal as carefully and as quickly with all these creatures as pos-
sible... and hope no one is looking when we do.

— Magdalena Hernandez, Overlord of the Penitent
on

Ley

ur existence? We

Final Thoughts on the Hierarchy

That civilisation may not sink

Its great battle lost,

‘Quiet the dog, tether the pony

Toa distant post

Our master Caesar is in the tent

‘Where the maps are spread,

His eyes fixed upon nothing,

A hand veer his head.

— William Butler Yeats, "Long-legged Fly"

Hierarchy wraiths are essential to the existence of the
Shadowlands. In a world surrounded and penetrated by
the flux of the Tempest, they are bastions of stability and
order. They are too often perceived as bland or one-di-
mensional stuffed shrouds, when more often they are com-
plex and often tragic individuals. To work within a cor
rupt system, to attempt to correct the inequities of totali-
n astate of perpetual siege by Spectres,
and other Outsiders takes dedication
certain amount of stubbornness. Members of the
rarchy see themselves as heroes, as soldiers in a per-
al war, and as the standard from which everyone else
ates, They are the inheritors of Charon's dream, which,
ished though it may be, is far better than the night-
marish nothingness of Oblivion.

Heretics

| eresy is the lifeblood of religions.
cs faith that begats Heretics.
r 10 heresies in a dead religion

To be a He c Its
to believe in a state of being and exist-
cence beyond that of the bleak reality of existence in the
Underworld, an afterafterlif, if you will. It is also to be-
lieve in a particular style of unlife, and to believe fervently

i cause set them apart from the Hierarchy, the Ren-
egades and from each other. The many factions of Her-
ally splintered, with each group following a

tics are rad


Religious Dissonance

The dead are at a distinct disadvantage when it comes
to matters of faith. Afterall, all the religious pablum they
were ever fed in no way prepared them for the
Shadowlands. Heaven, Hell, Nirvana, nothing: whatever
they were led to believe lay just beyond life's veil is most
definitely not here. It seems they have been sold a false
bill of goods. Most wraiths, when faced with this dilemma,
pull away from religion and most things religious, aban-
doning what faith they may have had soon after they rip
away thi How then do the Heretics, and thei
ligions, prosper in the face of the \ddaddy of reli
gious party-poopers? More importantly, how do Heretics
manage to form (or re-form) strong, even all-pervasive,
religious convictions when everything they ever learned
to expect from death has proven to be false advertising?

Each group of Heretics, and indeed each individual
Heretic, has come to terms with the intense religious and
cognitive dissonance death causes. Unlike most other
wraiths, they have all resolved their anguish through the
auspices of faith. When faced
dreamed of, in aspitit-world which they percei
but continuing pain and confusion, most wraiths reject
utterly their former faith. After all, they were told th
when they died some truth would be revealed, or that the
would move back through the circle of life, or perhaps that
they would know nothing. The Shadowlands, and all they
represent, apparently refute all of these Skinlander reli-
gious themes.

Those wraiths who become Heretics, hos
held to a strong faith. They find their spit
the answer to the initial crushing disappointment of their
current existence — in their steadfast beliefs. Making the
decision to embrace, or reembrace, faith in the
Shadowlands is a particularly difficult task, requiring an.
enormous amount of will or imagination. Another key el
ement isa willingness to commit totally to the care of an.
other wraith who says there is a reason why the
Shadowlands are here and the wraiths in them. In either

case, each Heretic must hold on to her beliefs with a Q

stranglehold never required by even the most foully abused
and denigrated Skinlander martyr.
cir faith as their lifeline in a realm of
death. It gives re 1 purpose to the otherwise inexpli-
cable realm in which they have been so rudely thrust. Thus,
Heretics must invest themselves, indeed their identities, in
their faith. To admit, for even a moment, that there is a
chance that they have been tricked yet again is to admit to
purposelessness, and to the triumph of Oblivion. This ut-
rospect is anathema to almost all Heretics,
and few are even willing to consider it for a moment. Of

raith Society 65 Y


"Heretics

Many of th "Hereti
the Hierarchy initially rejected the name
derogatory and in

crs" instead. In r many
Heretics have embraced the name, proclaim
hey relish their role as ideological outcasts
Similarly, many reject the word "Cult" in fav
vor of the less judgmental "faith ther
etic Cule" makes little difference to those who
would wipe them

faith have become in
those within the fold

urate, usually preferring

ent years, howe

Believ

ut, but the semantics of

course, the rigidity of thought necessary to in their
faith has its own dang all oo many Heretics fll prey
to them. In attempting to cling to the ladder to Transcen-
dence, the Heretics

you must let go of on

in constant danger of forgetting that
er to climb to the next.

Heretics andthe Hierarchy

The Heretic factions universally believe that the Hi-
and many of the fundamental te:
‘dead" wrong. In particular, they
believe that the path of the Hierarchy will not lead to

crarchy, its leadershi
nets of its society

Transcendence. In their view, the Hierarchy has smoth-
ered the spiritual progression of the souls in the Under.
world with corruption and decay. Tremendous misery and
suffering have been the direct result, as well as the traf
ficking in souls by which each Hierarch has betrayed their
calling. Luckily for all wraiths, many Heretics also.
they have found the solution, the philosophy
which provides the answer to the ills of the Shadowlands.

Most Heretics believe that each individual soul must
strive for Transcendence, usually by following the particu:
lar path which they espouse. These paths vary widely, for
least as diverse as those

the beliefs of the Heretics an
found in the Skinlands. However, the Heretic Cults are
fighting an uphill battle against the Hierarchy, the Ren-
cegades and each other for survival and for converts to theit

respective causes.
A few more thoughtful Shadowlanders argue that by

i in this very strugele the Heretics beteay their ide-
Is, sinking into the corrupt fram

to pursue souls — the currency of raw power in the Un-
derworld. However, most Heretics believe that it isneces-
sary to do battle on these terms in order to survive. They
know they must strike out against the Hierarchy in order
to save the newly dead souls from miserable existences of
slavery and stagnation.

While not all Heretic factions pursue violent tactics,
all are fervent in their beliefs. Their complete faith in their
‘own belief system, and absolute rejection of all other ide-
ologies as flawed at best, lead many Heretics to conclude
that they have a moral duty to at least attempt to show
others the way. After all, some Heretics, through great
strength of will and truly unshakable conviction, have
maintained the faith they had in life even in the face of
death. Still others have created, oF fallen into, new belief
structures to provide structure and purpose to their unlife.
They naturally wish to aid the others, to calm the Restless
Dead by providing purpose and hope.

Philosophical and religious tension among Heretic
factions is very real. Many Heretic Cults loathe each other
at least as much as they hate the Hierarchy. Yet while the
Iva

Heretic factions spread competing messages of salvation,
they have learned that they must sometimes bend to pr
st the Hierarchy to sur-
Il be satisfied with noth-

ing short of toral domination.

Unlike the Renegades, Heretics do not usually engage
in random -e ot rebellion. Those Heretics
who are violent always act with a concerted purpose. Nor
do most factions and leaders seek personal gratification,
or at least they claim that such base motives are irrelevant
to them, While a few openly seek power in the
SI pwlands, most are motivated by faith and their ver-
sion of the search for knowledge and truth (or by the be-
lief that they have found the truth). These Heretics work
to promote their own version of the Transcendence of the
soul and their own brand of faith. As with many religions
in the Skinlands, they look beyond the suffering of this
n the next.

existence to the promise of something bet

The Heretics Since Charo's Disappearance

When the order and discipline established by Charon
was functioning as designed, the Hierarchs fulfilled their
prescribed roles by shepherding souls through the
Shadowlands to the Far Shores and eventually to Tran-
scendence. Of course, even then, there were individual
factions of Heretics promoting their own belief systems
among the newly dead. The Heretics were never in the
mainstream of Underworld society. They would always
naturally gravitate toward its fringes as they chose to tune
out, drop out, or walk a different path.


However, the Heretics back then were not as likely to
openly or formally oppose the Hierarchy as they are since
Charon's disappearance. After all, che Hierarchy of that
time was far more popular, efficient, and successful than
the corrupt and bloated carcass of today — or at least they
had better PR. The Heretics went about their business more
quietly then, promoting their various methods of spiritual
development and promising passage from the Shadowlands
to places beyond.

Since the disappearance of Charon, the vast increase
in the number of souls in the Underworld waiting to Tran-
send and the relative paucity of those actually passing
through the Shadowlands have made it clear to the Her-
tics that the old system no longer works. They believe
that the Hierarchs have abandoned the pursuit of Tran-
scendence, betraying the souls in their care for personal
gain. The teachings of the Heretic Cults now seem more
relevant and seductive than ever. They also pose an in-
creasing problem to the Hierarchy, as more and more
Lemures have "fallen" into heresy, choosing to follow these
Cults rather than the Deathlords

The Hierarchy maintains its official position against
these Heretic Cults, strongly opposing theit teachings and
threatening to crush them at every turn. However, the
Hierarchy prefers to husband its resources for use against
more immediate and violent threats (such as the Ren-
eqades), and will usually ignore all but the most blatant
Heretic challenges to its authority.

Status Among Heretics

We have only to believe. And the more threatening and
ineducible veality appears, the more fom and desperately must
we belive. Then, litte by litle, we shall see the universal hor-
vor unbend, and then smile upon us, and then take us in its
more than human arms.

— Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, "The Divine Milieu"

‘Status among the various Heretic Cults is commonly
measured in terms of theie strength, as determined by the
number of wraiths who adhere to their beliefs. The irony
of this measure of status is not lost on many Renegades,
who caustically remark that the Heretic lords seem to have
succumbed to the lure of power as easily as the Deathlords.
Even most Heretics can piously point towards other Her-
«tics who have surrendered theie altruism and virtue in
thescramble for power. Of course, the Heretics who spend
the most time shaking their heads and tut-tutting about
their rivals are often the most apt to tread this selfsame
path co ruin.

The status of individual Heretics is largely based on
the strength of their faith (or at least its outward appear-
ance), and their success at recruiting adherents to the
‘cause, Once a wraith is initiated into the sacred mysteries

of the Cultafter overcoming some challenge or test of faith,
she must serve the Cult faithfully. Heretic wraiths are of-
ten assigned missions, to promote the goals of their faith.
Success on these assignments yields status in the Cult and
in the Heretic community.

As times grow more troubled in the Shadowlands,
Heretic direct action against the Hierarchy and each other
Is increasing. Success in these efforts also enhances
wraith's status, though it also makes her more likely to
come to the attention of the Hierarchy and its agents. It is
a dangerous game indeed to proselytize on the doorsteps
of your enemies.

The True Believer

To the last moment of his breath

On hope the wretch relies;

And e'en the pang preceding death

Bids expectation rise

— Oliver Goldsmith, "The Traveller"

From the earliest days of society in both the Skinlands
and the Shadowlands, there have been Heretics. In good
times and bad, some people have always walked their own
paths, seeking spiritual growth and personal freedom by
paths not approved by society's powers that be. Others,
faced with hardship and uncertainty, sought solace and
comfort in an unstinting belief in some philosophy or doc-
trine. Still others burned at perceived inequities, and
vowed to prove their greater worth in the eyes of some
almighty power or powers.

These people often carry theit Passions with them into §
the spirit world, and take on the same zealous role
The questing souls bring their struggles, their «
and their nonconformity from their human lives through
their deaths and out the other side. Similarly, many of those
who grasped at promises and dreams in life do so in death
‘as well, while others continue to rant away at the un
ness of the world and their meager role in it. All of the
wraiths are Heretics, and these divergent themes run in
wraiths throughout the "movement."

Heretics walk outside the lines in the Underworld,
and actively disagree with the powers that be. While many
people and wraiths might disagree, many Heretics firmly
believe that this sort of dissension is both 1 moral impe:
tive (they must follow the dictates of their conscience),
and is good for society. Through their pious example, lost
souls can find the path to salvation and righteousness! Now
that the society of the Underworld has stagnated and grown
‘more oppressive, now that most souls have ceased to Tran-
scend through the "approved" methods and philosophies,
the teachings ofthese iconoclasts assume greater currency
and urgency.


The Heretic movement is made up of scores of fac~
tions and Cults competing for members and resources,
loosely united only by their opposition to the status quo,
and their sporadic cooperation in the face of adversity.
Certain Heretic belief systems are drawn almost completely
from philosophies and religions from all corners of the
Skinlands, with only those modifications absolutely re-
quired by the changed circumstances of death. Many reli-
gious souls have carried their beliefs with them into the
Underworld, and apply in death the same conceptual
framework to spiritual advancement that they had used in
life. Other Heretic philosophies are amalgams of Skinland,
and Shadowland beliefs, molded by the wraith's unique
experience and perspective. Finally, some Heretic philoso-
phies are wholly creations of the afterlife. These hon
grown wraith interpretations of existence, meaning,
spirit are shaped by the realities of a continued exis
which is far from what the Quick expected.

‘As one might expect, not all of these belief systems
can successfully "save souls" by promoting true spiritual
growth and Transcendence among their followers. Some
Cults don't even pretend to try. In death as in life, not all
theories are correct, good, or simple sweetness and light
Spectres and Deathlords aren't the only power-hungry
manipulators populating the Shadowlands, and
souls in the Skinlands are likely to be equally gullible after
death. It is even rumored that some of the Heretic
are actually being manipulated by Spectres, the se
of Oblivion, to feed souls into the Void. Others are met
being directed by a single, charismatic leader, working for
his own advancement and no other's

However, in a battle against the f
of Oblivion, the violent Renegade movement, and the
myriad divisions within the Heretics themselves, the
struggle to find truth can create a crucible for the soul. A
wraith who can continue to strive for justice and peace
amidst this conflict, rather than violently satisfying her
personal desires, may truly be prepared to shed the con-
cerns of life and Transcend to a higher consciousness.
Many, however, merely redirect their baser emotions while
conveniently denying any selfish motives.

The Heretic movements continue as a multitude of
disparate forces grasping and wheedling for change in the
Underworld. Given the power struggle consuming the
nd the violence and chaos motivating many
Renegades, the role of the Heretic in the Shadowlands
provides a way our, an alternative to the seemingly end-
less and futile conflict. The convietions that Heretic Cults
bring to the Shadowlands all but ensure that they will con:
tinue to grow stronger in faith and in followers.

erarchy, the forces


Heretics vs. Renegades

Those wraiths who are not particularly astute observ
1s of the political scene often confuse Renegades and
Heretics. After all, members of both of these factions are
subversives, reviled by the powers that be in the Hierar-
y of the Underworld. The publicity ma-
chy often lumps them together, and
works overtime to paint them all as dangerous lunatics.
Your average citizen of the Hierarchy knows only that
Renegades and Heretics (he may even use the words in
s — fringe troublemakers and
terrorists who work to undermine established institutions

terchangeably) are dissider

to promote their own crazy beliefs.
This confusion is natural, but it misses the fundamen-

tal differences between wraiths who are Renegades and
those who belong to Heretic Cults. Heretics are profoundly
spiritual (or at least profess a profound belief system),
wh is a Renegade's guiding philosophy of life is more
likely to be political. Renegades usually oppose the
and its attempts to control them

and everything else in the Shadowlands. Heretics oppose
the Hierarchy because it is wrong, evil, or not like them.
Both love causes, but while Renegades and Heretics will

Hierarchy's oppress

sometimes work together against the Hierarchy, their at-
titudes, beliefs and world- nt that the
two groups are mutually exclusive. To truly be a Renegade,
awaith would have to give up his heretical belief

At the very core of their beings, many Heretics are
joiners. They need the psychic support ofa group, and rely
ontheir Cult' core philosophy and their work for the Cule
(ogive structure and meaning to theit afterlives. Heretics
are by their nature much more organized and disciplined
than Renegades, more apt to follow orders and to sacrifice
their own interests in pursuit of the good of the move-
ment. This structure and purpose are the most important
things a Cult can offer its members. Most Renegades are
nothing like these believers, and frankly would never put
upwith that kind of erap.

Kama Cults

Karma Cults are composed primarily of wraiths who
believe in the cosmic cycle of reincarnation, life follow
ing upon life in a variety of forms until the deserving soul
finally transcends from this world toa better place beyond.
Itisobvious to these wraiths that the cosmic cycle issome-
how seriously out of whack. The universe is stalled. Souls
who die are stuck in the Shadowlands, rather than passing
back to the Skinlands in another form or moving on to
Transcendence. The major concerns of the Karma Cults
involve discov g the causes of this breakdown, and how
1g the karmic circle back on its axis.

to go abour settin

From: Andrew Richardson, Marshal to
the Quiet Lord
Clerks, Necropolis: Portland

RE: Heretics

Be on the lookout for these subversive
elements within our city. The proselytizers
for these Cults use false "miracles" during
their revivals to impress potential converts,
and practice well-developed techniques to
coerce or brainwash the credulous or the
weak during more intimate, individual
spiritual consulting sessions. Most of the
membership just come to the services, pay
their tithe and leave, with no knowledge
of what goes on behind the scenes.

At the private ceremonies of these
Cults, innocents are sacrificed to the Spec-
tres and their masters in dark and perverse
rituals. These leaders count their power in
terms of how many poor wretches the ser-
vices bring under their sway; and many in
fact harbor reams of one day
challenging a Legion in power and influ
ence. They are fools and weaklings all, but
we can not allow their presence to go un.

andiose

checked in the streets of the

Many leaders of these Cults are totally
corrupt, caring nothing for the misery and
suffering which they support, and nothing
for the eventual fate of the Shadowlands.
All members of these groups who have pro:
ceeded past the initial open-mouthed peni
extent, of this attitude.

If you obtain information on the loc
tion of any of these Cults, contact me im-
mediately. Wi
tinue to exist under our noses.

Hail Charon,

Marshal Andrew Richar

can not allow this to con-

Wraith Society 0


The only consensus among these Karma Cults is that
the problem lies in che Skinlands, which are supposedly
the focus of all physical and spiritual activity. The leaders
of certain of these Cults have determined that their mem-
bership must right the problem by penetrating the Veil,
returning to the Skinlands and correcting the karmic im-
balance. They ignore the Code of Charon as merely one
of many artificial barriers to the faithful erected by the
karmic imbalance. Agents of these Cults routinely use the
‘Arcanos of Puppetry and Embody to enter the Skinlands
‘on extended missions in an effort to right cosmic wrongs.
Although it might at first seem otherwise, these mis-
sions do not necessarily imply that these Karma Cults have
}, agreatand abiding passion for justice. Rather, these wraiths
work to correct the perceived imbalances by weighing in
‘on whatever side seems appropriate. Unfortunately for the
coordination of their efforts, each Karma Cult has a differ-
ent opinion of the correct solution. Their efforts often con-
flict, and sometimes their agents directly oppose each other.
‘Also, by entering into conflicts so often, the bodies
which the agents are riding often meet violent and un-
timely ends. These involuntary sacrifices by unknowing
mortals trouble most Karma Cultists not at all. The Cult-
ists reason that their missions are to improve the lot of all
souls, and that pursuit of virtue often requires sacrifice. A
few instances are reported in which newly arrived wraiths
have encountered the very Karma Cultist who caused their
sudden arrival in the afterworld. These Lemures tend to
find the Cultist' glib explanations less than convincing.

RH tery Cults

These Cults take a far more intellectual approach to
the problem of Transcendence than others such as the Sen-
sualist Cults. Drawing most of their members from the more
‘esoteric and mystic religions ofthe Skinlands, Mystery Cults
believe that the key to learning the means to Transcendence
lies in the very existence of the Shadowlands. The Mystery
Cults believe thar the Underworld has been created by the
Divinity as the final test, an immensely complicated puzzle
designed to test their faith and understanding. Members of
the Mystery Cults are certain that when they have solved
the puzale, the structure of their current existence, they will
have passed the test and be granted Transcendence.

Therefore, Mystery Cults devote their efforts to search-
ing the Underworld, the Skinlands, the Shadowlands, and
all the places in between for religious and philosophical texts.
They draw from all religions and philosophies, scouring these
diverse works for the clues len in the vast muck of false
prophecy and futile faith that they believe is the backbone
of most religious teachings. Of course, these Cults do not
often coordinate their efforts, often competing for scarce
resources and working on similar questions at the same time.

Wraith Players Guide

Using elaborate rituals, research, and divination, the
scholars of the Mystery Cults separate the wheat from the
chaff as they work to construct the answer to their gargan-
tuan task. One beneficial effect of this quest for knowl-
edge is that the Mystery Cults and their hideaways have
become home to vast libraries — truly impressive store-
houses of knowledge unrivaled by almost any Skinlander
library. Various Mystery Cul do on occasion publish works
toselect Skinlanders. These works range from collections
cof prophecies to explications of various scientific, religious
and magical topics. The Cults do this is both in the hopes
of enlightening promising mortals, and to trade for still
‘greater infusions of knowledge to further their great quest.
The members of Mystery Cults interact with
Skinlanders far more often than most wraiths. In particu-
lar, certain Mystery Cults have had ongoing interactions
of various kinds with certain Uktena werewolves, Giovant
vampires, and assorted mages, as well as with a very few
members of the Arcanum. Due to their knowledge of
Skinlands and the Shadowlands alike, the Mystery Cults
usually find themselves in an extraordinarily good position
at the bargaining table with other seekers of knowledge

Personal Transcendence Cults

‘The psychic development of the individual isa short rep-
‘tition of the course of the development ofthe race.

— Sigmund Freud, "Leonardo da Vinei"

The wraiths who belong to Personal Transcendence
Cilts have not allowed themselves to become overly dis-
rmayed by their dismal surroundings. Rather, after taking
stock of their situation, these wraiths have determined to
continue in (or commence for the first time) a process of
self-development through expansion of their intellectual
and spiritual faculties.

Personal Transcendence Cults represent a distinctly
separate strain of Heretic philosophy. Some Cults train
their members in meditation and an ascetic lifestyle, while
others provide only counseling for its members as they
struggle to find their own path. Perhaps the most com-
‘mon type of Personal Transcendence Cult, however, pro-
‘motes. program of lectures, exercises, meetings and courses
designed to develop the individual wraith and his facul-
ties to the fullest extent possible. They accomplish this
through an eclectic panoply of events, including trips to
cultural sites, study groups, therapy sessions, and meetings
of various "self-help" groups within the Cult at which
members wrestle with a variety of personal demons.
("Hello, my name is Bob, and I'm a wraith." "Hi, Bob!")

The goal ofthis process is forthe individual wraith to
attain the stare of balance and harmony requited for Tran-
scendence. Unlike many other Cults, Personal Transcen-
dence Cults tend to make no promises, stating that the


success of the effort depends entirely on the individual
wraith. Still, some of the Personal Transcendence Cults
most heavily invested in these techniques do claim that,
when used properly, their twelve-step program will enable
awmaith to achieve peace and harmony, and prepare to
Move on to a more constructive mode of existence.

Darker rumors continue to persist in some quarters
that the leaders of certain Personal Transcendence Cults
are actually draining Pathos from the wraiths who seck
help within their programs. Some go so far a8 to say these
Cilts are merely shells to provide the leaders with wraiths
ripe for the picking.

Purlfcation Cults

Fly down, Death: Call me:
Thave become a lose name
Muriel Rukeyser, "Madboy's Song"

These tiny and very secretive Cults operate on the very
fringes of wraith, and even Heretic, society. Drawing from
the most alienated and miserable of the lost souls, often
those most rigid and fanatical in theie religious belies dur-
ing life, these Cults reject the society of the Shadowlands
and often the very existence of wraiths. Those wraiths who
join Purification Cults are normally still reeling from the
shock of death, and from their entry into a shocking and
foreign afterlife. This existence is very different from their
‘expectations, and these fanatical spirits are unwilling to
accept the error in their beloved earthly philosophies.

Purification Cults deal with the cognitive dissonance
caused by the conflict between their members' rigid faith
and the reality of their existence by adopting the belief
that this afterlife, and the souls who inhabit it, are fun
mentally wrong and evil. They believe that their deity
(which varies according to the individual Cule involved
and the different earthly religions of their members) has
condemned them to this bleak existence because they have
somehow proven themselves unworthy. These Cults seek
redemption for their members, and passage into the re-
wards which await the faithful in the life beyond.

Purification Cults rigorously and regularly test their
members for any taint of "evil." They make particularly
extensive use of the Castigare Arcanos, attempting to re-
main pure in the face of the overwhelming taint and po-
tentially corrupting temptation which surrounds them.
These groups also regularly plan and execute missions to
capture and slay wraiths, using the life energies of their
captives in purification rituals to help cleanse the
Shadowlands and themselves.

Given theie opinion of their fellows and the nature of
their game, Purification Cults will always keep their exist-
‘ence a strict secret from other wraiths and Heretic sects.
They operate entirely alone. They recruit new members


by keeping watch on arriving souls and selecting those who
appear to be most horrified, repulsed, and disbelieving at
their fate. Those who do not prove suitable are "cleansed."

Unfortunately, rather than serving as cleansing agents
for the Underworld, these Purification Cults may well best
serve the purposes of Oblivion. Most of the souls which
they destroy are unprepared to die, and simply add their
‘energies to the growing tide of Oblivion and the vast, un-

ending coldness of the Void.

Sensualist Cults

While many believe the Sensualist Cults to be a rela-
tively recent development, there have been Cults of this
type for thousands of years. Mast of the more recent groups
formed as offshoots of Karma Cults. Such rifts are com-
mon in the world of the Heretics, where even minor dis-
agreements among such passionate folk and their strongly
held opinions often lead to irreconcilable differences. Sen-
sualist Cults are now growing more common, as new re-
‘cruits are attracted to the potential rewards.

Most Sensualist Cults also believe in the eycle of rein-
‘carnation, and they too believe that their continuing pres-
ence in the Shadowlands proves thar the cycle has some-
how gotten off track. However, they disagree with the
Karma Cults on how and why the universe is in this less
than ideal situation, and how best to solve the problem.

The Sensualists believe that they are trapped in the
Shadowlands because their souls have actually reached the
final exalted stage preceding true Transcendence. (Con-
gratulations all around!) The members have proven that
they are worthy to move beyond the human stage (the
highest stage available in the mortal lands). Life in the
Shadowlands is the final test, which they must solve to
move on to greater glories. The Sensualists have found a
unique answer to the great pussle of Transcendence.

Sensualist Cults believe that the element missing

mong mortals in the Skinlands, the spark which prevents
Transcendence, is their paucity of true spirituality.
Skinlanders are spiritually bereft, whereas the wraiths who
exist in the Shadowlands are now bereft of physicality. The
incorporeal nature of wraiths prevents them from being
complete. The Quick and the Dead are opposite ends of
thesame pole. So the answer, the Sensualists believe, isto
nite the two elements into complete whole, combining
the physical and the spiritual to reach perfection in a glo-
rious, combined Transcendence.

So, while the Sensualists also use the Puppetry Arcanos
to travel to the Skinlands, they do so with a purpose far dif-
ferent than that of the Karma Cults. The Sensualists have
carefully bile up a cule following among certain Skinlanders.
These mortal faithful attempt to give over their bodies to
the spiritual essences that are the Sensualists, in effect chan-

2 Wraith Players Guide

neling the wraiths' energies. Unfortunately, even most w
ing Skinlanders cannot merely wish a wraith into inhabit-
ing their bodies. When problems occur, members of certain
Sensualist Cults resort to encouraging their mortal partners
into fasting, ingesting alcohol or drugs, of otherwise loosen-
ing their own spirits' innate hold upon their bodies. Once
‘two or more Sensualists have slipped into their mortal hosts'
bodies, they engage in ritualistic sex, during which they
lievea perfect spiritual and physical union may be achieved.

Some of the les exacting members of Sensualist Cults
regularly meet and travel together to the Skinlands, where
they invade bodies of unsuspecting mortals nearby. They
then use the hosts to engage in vigorous and enthusiastic
sexual behavior with each other. In this fashion, they rea
son, they unite the spiritual and the physical, and then
bring these perfect unions together into harmonious striv-
ing for advancement.

There are no reports that anyone has yet Transcended
in the midst of one of these rituals (or the not-so-ocea-
sional orgies), though Sensualist Cultists believe that ¢
indicates that they have yet to find the perfect mix of ves-
sels. More eynical wraiths familiar with the Sensualist
philosophy tend to dismiss them as mere perverts who |
found a religious justification for getting their jollies and
breaking Charon's Code.

Supplicant Cults

One in whom persuasion and belief

Had ripened into faith, and faith become

A passionate intuition.

— William Wordsworth, "The Excursion"

plicant Cults are very common, perhaps the most
common type of Cult in the Heretic movement. These
Cults are similar to Purification Cults in that they reject
the Shadowlands as the intended end of mankind — the
destined repository for their souls. The similarity ends at
this point, however, for Supplicant Cults adopt a very dif-
ferent approach to reaching Transcendence.

These Cults preach that the Shadowlands are not
"real," in the sense that they are nota lasting stage of ex-
istence. Rather, wraiths belonging to these Cults believe
that this existence isa transition stage, yet another test by
the Divinity to ensure that only true believers enjoy the
rewards of heavenly paradise. Pethaps because Supplicant
Cults are not infected with the self-loathing that plagues
‘most Purification Cults, this philosophy holds that all spir-
its are so rested, not merely those particularly evil or un-
worthy. This "afterlife" is merely part of the life-death-re-
birth cycle, another way station on the road to salvation.

‘As with Purification Cults, Supplicant Cults draw from
diverse religious traditions in the Skinlands, and even many
wraiths who were not religious at all until their "post-


ith" experience. Supplicant Cults often serve as um-
brella organizations to provide a support structure and a
sense of belonging to new wraiths. They tend to meet regu-
larly, to pray and encourage their members in theic efforts
towards Transcendence. Their philosophy calls upon them
to enter peacefully into the society of the Underworld,
working hard and living clean, patiently awaiting th
eventual passage to their promised reward.

Playing a Heretic

The various Heretic Cults oppose each other almost
as much as they battle the Hierarchy. They agree so little

that there really is nothing that can be called the Heretic
society, or a Heretic movement. Rather, there are count-
less tiny dissident movements, working secretly or openly
towards a better (or at least different) tomorrow, each
pousing a different path to that goal. The only trait essen
tial toa Heretic is an unshakable belief system at the very

center of the wraith's existence.

Circles of Heretics are linked by their beliefs in their
cause, Heretics in small Necropoli, or ones who belong to
particularly tiny organization, may well belong to mixed
stoups due to their lack of numbers. Yer itis rare for mem~
bers of two different Heretic Cults to exist in the same
CCitele. Ie is far more likely that an individual Heretic will
be set loose by his Cult upon the general wraith popula
tion, to seek more converts to save.

An exception to this separatism sometimes occurs in
of a Circle made up of members of various Her-
' (and perhaps some Renegades) workin,
tooppose the Hierarchy. However, Hierarchy w

Heretics may also work together to carry out an individual

mission oF promote of oppose a particular social cause
Whatever the nature of the Circle, Heretics may exhibit a
wide range of personalities and skills, with the caveat thae

a Heretic is

most never

pathetic of unsu

Ieisessential ro carefully develop the Heretic character's
political or religious philosophy, for this belief system will
define their existe

se. Has the character turned to a Cult
merely to seek the comfort provided by belonging and by

religious belief, or is the character engaged in a principled
and discerning quest for the truth? The Storyteller and player
must aso develop the character's organization. Is it a col
lective working together to reach higher levels of conscious-
‘ness, a group which has placed their faith in the promises of
ahueckster ora false prophet, or a group which actively works
togather power in the Shadowlands and promote Oblivion?
The answers to these questions will shape the story lines
involving the wraith and her co

smpanions.

Consider also the motivations of the character — the
origins ofthe trait, influences, and attitudes which made her
Heretic in the afterlife (and likely in the Skinlands as well).

Test Your Heretical Tendencies

In order to decide whethe
Heretic would suit your wraith character,
consider the following questions and decide
how they apply to your particular member
of the Restless De

* When clothed in flesh, did you follow
any of these vocations or avocations: terror-
ist, pacifist,
gious order, minist
slumni

cial activist, member of a

+ of a literalist re-
ner preacher?

© Did you support any of the following
or types of movements: a M:

ist revolution, home schooling, terrorism,

movement
gious or political philosophy apart from that
to adhere to. your firmly-held principles in
the face of ridicule and doubters?

ally law-abiding,
o break the

uphold your beliefs?

* While you were gene

nilitary organization,

a secret society, a

* Did you follow a religion that was dif-
ferent from that of most people around you?
* Did you find yourself disagreeing with
the mainstream politicians, and believing
that they should shift their political agen
dlas to the basic values which your group
If the answer to any of these questions
then your wraith character may have t
ings of a-Heretic. The Heretics v

‘Analyze the forces which made the character what she is to-
N cay, and how they influence her interaction with her peers.
Determining the "why" behind a Heretic provides many of
the cues necessary for effective and colorful roleplaying. Re-
member that while notall Heretics are self-interested or evil,
they are all fanatical when it comes to matters of faith. The
strength of their beliefs forces them to live out their philoso-
phy daily; and a Heretic will almost never back down from
an issue of faith, regardless of the consequences.

Heretic wraiths come from a variety of backgrounds,
and may hold almost any type of job with any mix of skills,
After all, people from all walks of life or unlife develop
personal spiritual philosophies. The search for meaning is
cone of life's and death's few universals. However, certain
job descriptions and types of skills are more likely or suit-
able for a Heretic. Particularly common Arcanos for Her-
tics include Argos, which enables them to move through
the Shadowlands with purpose and battle the Tempest for
lost souls; Castigate, the ultimate expression of control and
purification by the exercise of will; and Keening, which
allows the Heretic to manipulate the emotions and pas-
sions of other wraiths, perhaps bringing them into the fold.

A Heretic's degree of involvement in the organiza-
tion affects their choice of profession. A wraith who is
merely a low-ranking member of a Heretic organization
may hold nearly any job, even the most accepted or re-
spectable, for their devotion to the Cult consists primarily
of donations or attendance at services. They are the fol-
lowers. Some of these followers are successful profession
als who turn privately to their faith to rejuvenate their
minds and spirits. Other members tun to the Cult for es-
‘cape, purpose, or a sense of importance and involvement.

‘Wraiths who are more involved in the leadership and
organization of the Cults, the "professional Heretics" who
make more interesting characters, are mote likely to be
marginalized from the society of the Underworld. They may
be employed solely by the Cult, or may freely devote their
unlives to the work ofthe organization; they often spend much
of their time proselytizing, teaching, or working as an opera-
tive. If these wraiths occupy respected positions in Under-
world society they are usually hiding their beliefs and work-
ing covertly for their Cult as a mole within the Hierarchy.

Stereotypes

The Hierarchy

‘The Deathlords and the elaborate power structure they
have built up around them have abandoned ws and betrayed
the tse and vision of Charon. They are now concemed far
more with the accumulation and concentration of power in our
society than inthe Transcendence of souls. They do not know
the Way. Whereas before they at least worked towards the proper

goal, though in a misguided fashion, now they are the enemies
of the wraith. We must work to end their domination of our
‘society and save the unsettled souls from their grasp by showing
them the way to the light.

— Jakob Bennett, Deacon of the Church of the Light

The Renegades

While these wraiths are correct in understanding that the
Hierarchy is not the answer, their philosophies and methods
(or utter lack of philosophy and randomness of method) are
inappropriate. Their efforts are misguided, for they do not seem
to seek Transcendence so much as they glory in rebellion and
acts of violence and defiance here in the Shadowlands. They
have no beliefs, nothing to anchor them. To the extent that
their rebellion increases the suffering of the masses while giving
the Hierarchy an excuse to strengthen its grip, Renegades actu-
ally damage the cause they seek to promote. However, they
can be useful allies against che establishment. We must be careful
not to be drawn in and corrupted by the lure of chaos and nihil-
ism, and the promise of quick solutions.

—Aimee Chunansky, Public Relations Liaison, Chi-
cago Order of the Guardians of the Way

The Quick

The inhabitants of the Skinlands are in essence much like
ourselves: souls struggling along the path to Transcendence,
seeking to advance towards the higher truth and a higher stage
of existence. They are merely one step behind us along the way.
Most, of course, have utterly lost their way, just as most have
here. We should not interfere with or exploit these mortals for
‘our own benefit. In fact, it can be very dangerous to do so.
Certain of these mortals are dangerous to us, and most
Skinlanders loathe and fear us, as i isthe general tendency of
the unenlightened to fear the unknowm. In this we agree with
the Hierarchy. Itis best to concentrate our efforts on the present
and future, not our pasts.

Jason Green, Philosophe of the Helping Hand

Supernatural Creatures

Some beings may walk in the Skinlands, but have powers
that enable them to reach beyond. These creatures — the vam-
pires, the werewolves, the fairies — occupy realms between
‘our world and the mortal realm. Many of them are aware of
our existence, and we have no objection to working with them
towards the mutual advancement of our peoples. Though their
spirits are different from our own, they may have insight into
our struggle. Beware, however, for many of these creatures
are very powerful and dangerous. They are not of us, and do
not believe. As with the Hierarchy, some will seek to trap you,
suse you and drain you of your life. Walk carefull if you must
deal with them.

—Lydine Iredell, Spiritual Director, Passim Ministries

Final Thoughts onthe Heretics

Vain is each threat or supplicating prayer.

He drives them exiles from their blest abode,

To roam a dreary world in deep despair

No friend, no home, no refuge, but their

God.

— Lord Byron, "Elegy on Newstead Abbey"

Heretics are the truc believers, who see themselves as
the spiritual and moral compass of the Shadowlands. Ye
they are many compasses all pointing in different dite
tions! Many of the Heretics fight the battle for Transcen-
dence, seeking to return wraith society to its original pur
pose — a mechanism for an e this ine
terim realm while souls prepare ct gher real-

ity. Others merely seek power in the comfort

They strive to drastically reform the Hierarchy and fix the
broken system, each offering a different solution, and in-
deed a slightly different analysis of the problem. The He

s look around them and believe that they are the last,
best hope for the Shadowlands. Perhaps they are.

Renegades

ges) ¢ are not restricted. No boundaries have
i been defined, no inhibitions imposed. We
| | have, for the while, secured. or blundere

4] into, our release, for the while. Sponta:

i
b neity and whim are the order of the day.

lax. We can do what we like and say what we like to whomever
we like, without restriction.

—Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guilder

P
another. Those whom the Hierarchy calls Renegades seem

tohave foundall those reasons for opposition. And therein Qf

lies their problem.


Every turning point in Stygia's long history has pro-
duced its dissenters, from the wraiths who first disagreed
with the choice of Charon as leader to those who objected
D tohis formation of the Stygian Republic. Charon'sassump-
tion of the title of Emperor and his creation of the seven,
Deathlords, his policies regarding the treatment of thralls,
his adoption of the feudal model for Stygia's government,
his banishing of the Shining Ones from Stygia, his orders,
to disband the guilds — all these and
sions spawned the formation of groups of rebels.

These early Rens
with by Charon's armies or else fell prey to the
that seemed to feed on th

sequent deci-

alt
Spectres

ades were, for the most patt,

negative Passions inherent in
ure of dissension. A few of these hardy ns,
however, have survived to the present day. Their hiding
places and continued plots the stuff of
Renegacle myth and folklore

Since Charon's disappearance, the number of wraiths
who identify with the Renegade movement (which is, ap-
parently, the only criterion for membership in th

the na

st Stygi

tion) has grown enomn
formed well-o

sly. Some of these Renegades have
sd, highly-disciplined groups or Circles
The

rebels,

which differ litle from their Hierarchy counterpart
majority, however, form a chaotic mass of rage
outlaws, bandits, and

schists who associate with each

other only because they need the strength of numbers to

survive assaults from Hierarchy patrols, bounty hunters,
and Spectres.

Status among the Renegades is more a product of no-
toriety than of rank, for no general categories exist which
apply to the group as a whole. Tales of audacious actions
against the Hierarchy, reports of uprisings within various
Necropoli, rumors of hijackings of thrall-transports or
goods caravans en route to Stygia, and individu
defiance (or foolhardiness) — all contribute to an indi
vidual Renegade's standing
munity."

Despite the be
about the Renegad. escapades form the
building blocks of status among those who oppose the es-
tablishment. Folk heroes have risen from the ranks of the
Renegades, and the stories of their deeds serve as inspira-
tion for other wraiths, driving them to bolder and bolder
inst the Hierarchy.

The Eternal Renegade

The Ghost of revolution
Still prowls the Paris streets

Dou all the restless centuries

Te wanders incomplete

Al Stewart, "The Palace of Versailles"

efforts of the Hier
tales of thei


Nearly every revolution or rebellion in the Skinlands
has had its mirror in the Shadowlands. It is often difficult
todetermine which one inspires the other, but the results
of armed insurrection always guarantee a new influx of

storming of the Bastille, the uprisings in Northern Ireland
and the riots in Detroit and Los Angeles have all fed the

egade movement and, in some cases, been the result
leak" of Passions through the Shroud. The
tradition of rebellion against authority is as old as civiliza
tion itself, and seems to be an inherent part of the human
payche, a part which must be brought under control —
tuually during childhood — in order for an individual to
exist within a larger group. Somehow, Renegades never
quite learned that lesson.

The desire for change stands as the hallmark of the
Renegade movement, and the politics of change go hand
in hand with the incompleteness that forms the funda-
mental core of wraithly existence. Those individuals whose
lives were consumed by political and social movements or
general desir the existing order usu-
ally, ¢ hadowlands with
their rebellious

Until the Skinlands manage to breed rebellion out of
the genetic pool, the Shadowlands will always be blessed

or cursed — with Renegades.

[he Organization of Anarchy

There's no one left but thee and we

And we're not sure of th

—Chad Mitchell Trio, "The John Birch Society"

While it is nearly impossible to discern any overall
structure within Renegade society, some distinctions
among Renegades can be made on the basis of their rea-
sons for opting out of the Hierarchy. Gathered under the
idealists and dreamers, politicians and
criminals and ne'er-do-wells, and misfits of
all varieties. It is unlikely that all those who call them
selves Renegades will ever find a means of permanently
uniting under a common banner, but itis not beyond the
realms of possibility for some like-minded groups to even-
tually find a way to minimize their differences and work
together

In general, Renegades fall into four basic cate
—political dissidents, philosophical idealists, fugitives, and
situational rebels


Poi Disidents

Political dissidents are Renegs
hole.

Jes who oppose the Hi-
They are, in some

ys, considered to
es since their ultimate
goal is to overthrow the existing system of government in
the Underworld. These are the Renegades who have the
longest track record of opposition to Stygian rule. Many

athlords. Revolutions and upri
world produce the majority of wraiths
death, continue to demonstrate their desire for
governmental change. Others within this group seek to
bring down the Hierarchy in order to replace it with their

hs tend to gather in tightly o¢
les and conduct themselves with a
that of Hierarchy patrols. Some of these
1p of former members of the Hierarchy.
roups often retain such remnants of their origins
ks and titles to distinguish levels of authority and
responsibility within their Circles. Some factionsare quite

an effort to mainta

Renegades) C
pline that rivi

least nominal con-
tions among the

and communi member

atmosphere of mistrust under which
they operate pre

78

ents most attempts at unification,

Wraith Players Guide

Philosophical idealists
The philosophical idealists hold anti-

n the perpe
on the subjugation and smelt

‘on various issues ation of an.

st congress with the living world. Like many groups in
not see beyond their own particular
ideology, these Renegades often fight each other over whose
beliefs are more important. This group includes former abo-
litionists and Ci

1 Rights activists, feminists, envitonmen-
talists, Luddites, pro J pro-choice advocates, gay
rights supporters, and almost any other wraiths who in life
found a cause to spark their j ion and direct theit
actions. Unfortunately, most of these wraiths are blindly de-
goal and rarely see the validity of other causes
mindedness prevents this group of Renegades
the full potential represented by
mas them to remain forever fractio
non ground of shared id
ms of indi-

viduals dedicated to their goals but lacking in real organi-
I skills. Many groups do not have titular leaders,
but rely on consensus amon; rection.
A few groups, howe
leaders whose words are viewed as doctrine and whose or

rs for

ders are rarely questioned.


Fugitives are Renegades who, for one reason or an-
other, have fallen afoul of the Hierarchy and have suc-
cessfully eluded pursuit. Escaped thralls, thieves, members
of disbanded guilds, black marketeers and outlaws all fall
under this loose category. Additionally, Hierarchy mem-
bers who have fallen our of favor or who have been dis-
credited by enemies within the system find chemselves
suddenly cast adrift from their moorings and thrust into
the ranks of the Renegades.

‘These wraiths usually form Circles based on their need
for mutual survival. Leadership and organization among
these groups varies wildly, and is frequently subject to
change as one individual gains the upper hand over the
current leader. Some bands of fugitives have a reputation
foracts of heroic bravado against the Hierarchy troops sent
tohunt them down, while other groups strike fear into the
hearts of most wraiths by the violence and savagery of their
activities.

Stuational Renegades

Situational Renegades have very personal reasons for
opposing the Hierarchy. Lacking any real political or so-
cial motivations, these individuals generally fel that "life"
Within the confines of Stygian restrictions is too limiting.
While a few of these wraiths style themselves as true anar-
chists, others simply ignore the idea of a "movement" and
concenteate on thumbing their noses at authority in gen-
eal,

Naturally, the organization of Circles made up of these
Renegades tends to be nearly non-existent —at least on a
structural level. These wraiths more often form Circles
Jed on emotional ties — ie., because they like each other.
Insome instances, this gives them an inherent unity lack-
ing in other Renegade groups, since they are more con-
cemmed with what happens to their comrades than in mak-
inga statement or taking a stand.

Another common factor shared by most Renegades is
‘cynical attitude towards Transcendence, seen by many
wraiths as the ultimate goal of their sojourn in the Under-
world, Unlike the Hierarchy, which officially opposes Tran-
scendence (intimating that it does not exist) because it
threatens their power base, and the Heretics, who base
their existence on their own particular definition of Tran-
seendence, Renegades tend to ignore it as irrelevant to
their aims and purposes (whatever those might be). For
Renegades, the important issues revolve around everyday
existence in the Underworld. Belief in Transcendence is a
private matter, subject to an individual's personal inter-
pretation,

The Renegade Council

There was a ragged band that followed in our footsteps

Running before time took our dreams away

Leaving the myriad small creatures trying tote us wo the groxnd

To alife consumed by slow decay...

Encumbered forever by desire and ambition

There's a huonger still unsatisfied

Our weary eyes still stray to the horizon

Though down this road we've been so many times

— Pink Floyd, "High Hopes"

Over the course of Stygia's history, many Renegades
have struggled to devise some means of bringing together
‘as many of their number as possible under a single guiding
authority. Numerous attempts to form a Council of Ren-
egades have seemed to succeed, only to fall apart from in-
ternal dissension ot outside assault. On rare occasions,
powerful Renegade groups have actually managed to gather
their leaders together long enough to plan an armed upris-
ing against one of the Shadowlands' Necropoli, only to,
have their fragile alliance disrupted by the last minute
defection of one or another of the allied groups. Despite
all this, rumors continue to exist of a Renegade Council
which keeps track of and directs the movements of the
various Circles of wraiths opposed to the Hierarchy. Even
darker tales are told of an elite group of Renegades, re-
ferred to as the Council of Cerberus, whose sole purpose is
to purge the Renegade movement of anyone who might
harbor sympathy for the Hierarchy. Even Renegades whose
‘opposition to the Hierarchy stems from reasons unrelated
to politics or issues walk carefully whenever they suspect
that one of these inquisitors isin their city.

‘The truth of the matter is both more and less than it
seems. Many individual Necropoli actually do have a func-
tioning Renegade Council composed of at least one mem-
ber from each Renegade faction within that Necropolis.
The nature of these Necropolitan councils differs from city,
to city and depends largely on the types of Renegades
present. In some Necropoli, the councils form little more
than information or social networks, while in others they
‘occupy more significant and potentially sinister (at least
to the Hierarchy) roles. In a few cities far from Stygia's
reach, the Renegade Council has gone so far as to set up
its own "mirror" government rivaling the control exercised
by the local Hierarchy troops. In other places, Renegades
representing different interests gather in secret haunts and
hatch plots against the resident Legions.

As the Hierarchy's control of its outlying Necropoli
continues to erode, many Renegades — particularly those
whose anti-authoritarianism stems from dissatisfaction
with the current government of Stygia — feel that the

Wraith Society

upetb public speaker wgitators, claim that there
I soon be a gathering of Renegade leaders from all over
the Shadowlands at a secret Haunt that exists within the
Tempest. Rumors abound of the reappearance of many
veteran Renegades, individuals thought destroyed by the
thy centuries ago.

Skeptics he Renegades suspect that this at-
tempr to bringall the Renegade groups together under one
organized Council is really a Hierarchy plot to identify
and root out as many insurgents as possible. Still, many
who dream of a life free of Stygian oppression are feeling
the glimmer of hope that revolution may be just around
the comer.

Cornmion Ground

The existence of Renegades despite the Hierarchy's
best efforts to extinguish the fires of opposition offers the
a times of need, Renegades can and

strongest proof th
do ¢ to work tog
abling vastly diverse groups to forge even
ance with one anothe
selves. Cooperation

her. The factors involved in e

e as varied as the groups them-

by necessity
level, within a single Ni

Mutual xls out as pethaps the most com-
mon reason for Renegades from different groups to put aside
what divides them and work together. Periodic sweeps of
a Necropolis by Hierarchy patrols threaten all Re
whether political dissidents or simply fugit
justice. Du ich sweeps, Reni
target city will often band together to establish secure hid-
tards to keep
cape routes open. During such
secution, the differences inherent
advantage.
the Hier

cropolis,
vival st

ing places, set up rotations of per

periods of siege or p
nong Renegade
Renegades whose
chy for political or issue-oriented reasons often have some
familiarity with the tactics of their enemies and can pre-
dict what steps patrol will take. Outlaws and bandits who
have been branded Renegades usually have the necessary
skills to outwit patrols (making them excellent scouts and
procurers), while miscellaneous misfits frequently possess
the means for creating diversions through the use of
Arcanos such as Puppetty and Pandemonium
Sometimes the rule of the Hierarchy grows so oppres-
sive, even in backwater Necropoli, that local Renegades
will seek out as many of their ilk as possible to str

Wraith Players Guide

blow against the resident representatives of Stygi
removal of particularly vicious Marshals or Regents, the
destruction or hijacking of a Hierarchy supply convoy, or
the interruption of communications between a Citadel and

its perimerer Haunts are typical actions which involve the
joint participation of many different groups of Renegades.

Although Renegades do not follow any common code
of behavior, the concept of favors owed between groups is
acustom recognized by most Renegade Circles. Calling in
a favor can sometimes bring together unlikely groups of
Renegades. A group of fugitives who found shelter from
their pursuers in an abolitionist Haunt may answer a call
t0 assist their rescuers in the liberation of a thrall trans-
port

The capture of any Renegade within a given
Necropolis often provides a solid reason for disparate
of Renegades to unite in a rescue attempt. Many Reneg
despise the Hierarchy so much that they will work to free
members of any Renegade Circle from the Hierarchy's
clutches, iffor no other reason than to prevent a captured
Renegade from breaking down under interrogation and
revealing potentially damaging information about the lo-
cal Rene

coups

I, Renegades can be counted on to assist other
actions which work to the detriment of the
Hierarchy they all oppose, whether ambushing « Hiera

chy patrol or helping @ courier bringing news from a dis-
tant Necropolis find a particular Renegade Circle. Such
fragile alliances, however, rarely last longer than the ev
which necessitate their formation. When

Renegades

nts
we danger or
the immediate situation has passed, the Circles once again
go theie separate ways.

ing a Renegade

1
ives pla
their Renegade characters. The stereotypical image of the
political rebel or slogan-shouting iconoclast offers only
Patil view of the range possible for creating a fully de-
veloped Renegade. The one necessary element at the heart
of a fledgling Renegade is the presence of some form of
cppestion to the Stygian Hierarchy. Beyond that, almost
anything goes.

le society, by the diversity inherent in its ni

ture,

yers almost unlimited rein in customizing

Circles of Renegades usually have a common reason
for defying the Hierarchy, although Renegades in small
Necropoli may belong to mix-and-match groups due to
theirlack of numbers. Within homogeneous Circles, how-
ever, individual Renegades may exhibit a wide range of
personalities and skills.

Take the Renegade Success Test

helpful in determining whether or not your
wraith character will find the Renegade
death-style appealin,

* While you were living, did you pursue
any of the following occupations: indepen
dent political office-secker, holistic healer,
alternative-school teacher, petty criminal,
freelance writer, street musician, legal aid
counselor, computer hacker, environmental
ist, punk/folk/heavy metal band member

© Did you support any of the following
movements: animal rights, ecoterrorism,
Civil Rights, the Gray Panthers, state:
rights, grassroots politics, legalized prostitu
tion, legalized drugs, gay rights, the feminist
movement, the gun lobby, free speech?

© Were you an iconoclast, preferring t
break with tradition and support change for
© Did you ever fudge your income taxes,
run away from home, dodge the draft, par
ticipate in a sit-in, lie-in, hunger strike or
protest rally, get arrested for doing same,
refuse to pray in school or salute the flag, of
carry a concealed weapon?
# Did you participate
lowing hobbies or avoc
ing, survivalist training, stock car racing,
ming, gun collecting?

iny of the fol
ions: bun

© Did you belong to any of the
al Sudha? ore ation (left or
band, paramili
ationists, live-

k ‘n' roll

sroup, medieval re-cre

Pore group, ro.

action roleplaying groups?

* Did you find yourself more often than
not disagreeing with partisan pol
eral and supporti

minimi lations of any kind?

in gen
4 movements towards
ng reg

If you answered yes to any of the
tions, your wraith character just m
the makings of a Ren

another.

ques
ht have

sort or


és

Politically motivated Renegade Circles may include
weapons specialists and martial arts aficionados, orators
and public relations experts, spies and intelligence opera-
tives, as well as politically savvy leaders. Social idealists
(those who oppose particular policies of the Hierarchy
rather than its political structure) may include both paci

fist and militant activists in the same Circle. Outlaw Ren-
cegade bands may have a variety of "criminal" types, as well
as defectors from the Hierarchy, among their ranks, while

non-partisin Renegade Circles may consist of habitual
Skinriders and poltergeist specialists along with earnest

dividuals whose only "crime" is an avid desire to com-

municate wi

Renegade characters may be distinguished from their
Hicrarchy counterparts through the development of sup-
posedly "forbidden" or discouraged Arcanos. Weaiths with
sophisticated abilities in Embody, Outrage, Pandemonium
or Puppetry are likely candidates for membership in the
Renegades. The Hierarchy still remembers t

h their loved ones beyond the Shroud.

wraiths knowledgeable in Usury will almost certainly be
hunted by Sey

sonal motivations and reasons for opposing the
rurchy should be carefully considered in designing and
playing a Renegade character. Not all Renegades need to
be utterly opposed to the idea of a centralized government
for the Shadowlands. Some may simply wish the removal
of the current regime. Some individuals may join the R
cegades for no other reason than the presence within the
Hierarchy of a personal enemy from theie living past.

Many Renegades feel that the Deathlords have for
gotten their original purpose for existence. These rebels
conceive of themselves as true loyalists to Charon's throne,
feeling as much contempt for anarchists among the Ren-
cegades as they do for the puppets of the Deathlords. Some
Renegades believe that the Hierarchy is not concerned
enough with the eternal struggle to prevent Oblivion from
taking over the Shadowlands. These individuals may ex-
hibita tendency towards a arism that makes
Hierarchy Legions look t won. Other Ren-
cegades may be drawn towards the lure of the Tempest, or
may focus almost entirely on congress with the living world
in spite of the Code of Charon.

Just as Hierarchy Circles belonging to single Legion
may consist of individual members whose backgrounds and
personalities differ drastically, Renegade Circles which
focus on a particular aspect of rebellion against Stygia can
include a wide variety of character concepts. A Renegade
Circle of computer hackers share a common desice
to communicate with the Living world via the informa-
tion highway, but their reasons for doing so can range from
the thrill of being the "ghost in the machine" to a sincere

desire to e-mail their loved ones.


Playing a Renegade character in a group which also
contains members of the Hierarchy (and even a Heretic
or two) can present an interesting challenge for players
and Storyteller under the right conditions, although a plau-
sible reason must exist to explain such a mixture. One rea-
son for a Renegade's presence within a Hierarchy Circle is
to infiltrate the Legion and gather information about the
inner workings of the Hierarchy. This option works best
for storytelling troupes that enjoy playing characters who
have secrets from other characters and whose goals may
bbe mutually exclusive. Most players (and Storytellers) usu
ally prefer to avoid excessive intracharacter conflict and.
will need other reasons for mixing factions in a Wraith
le. Ina Necropolis that enjoysa lenient Hierarchy
be possible for wraiths to belong to more
than one Circle. Thus a wraith may be a member of her
Renegade Circle while simultaneously maintaining close
connections with a second group chosen on the basis of
personal compatibility, former family ties, or other com-
‘mon interests. A mixed group of "survivor" wraiths can
come together out of necessity during or in the aftermath
of emergencies, such as a massive assault by Spectres or
the sudden sweep of a Maelstrom through a city. The im-
portance of joining together to fight a common enemy
offers a compelling reason for wraiths to put aside their
philosophical and political differences.

Stereotypes:

The Hierarchy

"These arrogant powermongers symbolize the oppressive and
frnitve character of the Shadowlands and support a useless
conglomeration of oxtwom customs and antiquated traditions.
Their policies betray the trust supposedly placed in them by
Charon. At least he had sense enough to know when to stop
organizing things and drop out of sight. Even if we do need
some sort of structure, we don't need a system which perpetu-
ates slavery, patriarchy, mass murder, and income taxes.

Abbie Truesdale, recruiter for the Daughters of Lib-

erty

Heretics

Before branding us with the label "fanatic," take a good
fard look at these crusaders for lost causes. If Heretic Cults
didn't exist, we'd be stuck with all these loones erying wo flood
our ranks. The best thing that can be said about most of them is
that they take some of the Hierarchy's flak for us. Some of
them are even open to an occasional alliance. Don't let them

come too close, though, or you might find yourself in the uen-
comfortable postion of being their newest recrit.

— Angus MeDowell, courier for the Midnight Watch,

The Quick

How can we ignore them? Besides the obvious attachments
‘we might feel towards some of them, they are the single most
inceresting refuge from the state of being dead. Hitching a vide
‘on a mortal can be a ticket to a thousand new experiences,
Possessing them isan even greater high. The only real problem
lies with contacting the wrong sort of mortal — the kind that
can actualy hurt you. Before you decide to poke your nose
through the Shroud, make certain that your target isn't a mage
or a ghost-hunter. Otherwise, you'll wish you were...dead?"

— Flash, leader of the Greater Newark Skinriding
Association

Supernatural Creatures

Vampires and werewolves and fey — oh my! All of them
are dangerous to us, and that's what makes them cool. When
they're not out to control us or banish us or trick us, they can
be good company. Sometimes we can even enlist them in our
battles against the Hierarchy. Sure, you have tobe careful when
dealing with these creatures, but what the hell. You only die
once.

— Lenora Planchette, social director for the Dixie
Tricksters

Final Thouehts on the Renegades

We are forces of chaos and anarchy

Everything they say we are, we are

And we are very proud of ourselves
— Jefferson Airplane, "We Can Be Together"
Renegades are the catalyst that keeps the
Shadowlands from lapsing into stagnation. Although th
are branded as rabble-rousers, tr: makers, and agents
of destruction, their rebellions have sparked many nec
sary changes in the world of the Restless Dead. While many 4
Renegades rebel for the sake of rebellion, others function
as the social and political conscience in a society that is
too prone to inertia and self-satisfaction. While many §
wraiths choose the Renegade "life," some find themselves J
thrust unwillingly into the role of outcasts. Renegades view.
themselves as martyrs, tragic heroes, and spiritual pioneers,
pushing the boundaries of the Shroud to its limits. Many
of them believe that they are the true inheritors of Charon's,
legacy, and that through their efforts, his trailblazin
ample still illuminates the darkness of the Shadowlands.



The Dark Kingdoms

Mythis the secret opening through which the inexhaustible ener-
sies of the cosmos pour into human cultural manifestations. Reli
gions, philosophies, arts, the social forms of primitive and historic
man, prime discoveries in science and technology, the
that blister sleep, boil up from the basic magic ring of myth
— Joseph Campbell, "The Hero With

Thousand Faces"

eyond the shores of Stygia lic lands in the West, who have remained culturally a part of a

card of by other land, who die in Stygian lands? Or the English busi

Western" wraiths. In thei i nessman killed while on a business trip to Hong Kong
Not all are extradited to the afterlif

foreign own beliefs
§| wraiths have done so tentatively, d
have often made some gross assump- Due to the iner
tions about just what they were see

most of the Stygia

appropriate to their

}) tured into the dom: and the result has been an increasing amount

mixing throughout the Underworld.

ng requests for extradition to pre
How many Hierar- viously unheard-of Dark Kingdoms,
nenged from one section of the Tem to officially recogni:
jest and pronounced that they must indeed be

ygia has been forced

chy transports have

the existence of cultural afterlives

the — that they once believed to have been wiped out. Still other
realm of the Ivory Quee fact they were approwch- Dark Kingdoms, notably those of Clay and Obsidia
Invisibles? How many Renegade scouts chose to remain underground, as it were. They prefer to
presumed that the wraiths they encountered from remain out of sight until

the Shadowlands of India were under the protection of territory elaimed by Sty

ing the land of Li
have

time is right to retake their
in the Shadowlands.

Stygia has maintained a One of the most apparent differences betw
fe recently, these mis- and her counterparts throu
fe grown to this day. And jnany of the other ¢
asthe Deathlords begin tentative relations with the wraiths tude toward d
ofthe so-called Dark Kingdoms, they are finding that they dead as two
know far less about their counterparts than they once Gften much weaker in these
thought. between the living and their
It should be noted that Reapers and other covert op- present day, many people have held on to what Western-
ors are present in nearly every Dark Kingdom, on be- ers might call "superstitions" thar keep the channels of
half of nearly every other Dark Kingdom. While the communication between the living and the dead open.
Shadowlands of Mexico may be under largely Stygian con- Do not think, however, that these are lands completely
twol, Obsidian Reapers quietly whisk the Lemures ofnewly- dominated by the mythological past; just as in the West,
dead Native Americans out from under the noses of their all these afte ped and influenced by the be-
Stygian keepers. In recent years, wraiths of vastly differ- lief of the people in their regions. Their gods and legends
cnt beliefs and cultures have been cast into death together, help to define the worlds into which the dead are reborn,
leading to skirmishes and quarrels o

the Jade Emperor? Alas, because
smuneil q
is and confusions h

policy of strict isolae

Itures have a much more op
ath, viewing the lands of the li

who has the right and the result is often an entirely different interpretation
tw claim a given soul. What of the countless immigrants of what it means to be a ghost.

The Dark Kingdoms 85 Y

Honoring the Dead

h noting that the c
ms
stor worship,

the dead.

lands are Memor
n wraiths; alter all,
hat their famil

culture
and Pathos, and
ration.

The inforn
by both pla hharacters and
entire chronicles base: lowlands
of the Western world. As with any storytelling tool, you
should feel free to add to and modify the infor
low to fit your chronicle. In fact, we strongly
you to do more research on a cult

this chapter can be used

if you are interested
in running a chronicle or char J there. A wealth
of mythological and cultural information has gone untapped
by most roleplaying games, and this information can add
immeasurably to your chronicle with only alittle research!

Zhongguo:
The jade kingdom

by Richard Dakan and Marklfordfreidman

De walk backwards, saying nothing
‘We're building our visions of China
We're young and strong and disheastened
We're bullding oxr visions of China
A Japan, "Visions of China"

The Chinese call their land the Middle
Kingdom, the center of the universe around which all ese
revolves. Over a billion Chinese throughout the world
share a common culture which extends back five millen-
nia, a culture rich in traditions which persevere down to
the present day. China has known war and famin
and prosperity, revolution and stability and has we
them all. Even the tumultuous revolutions of this century

Wraith Players Guide

have not altered the essence of the Middle Kingdom. The
Chinese have known and endured tyranny before, but the
Tao is still followed, the Buddha still revered, the family is
still cherished, and the dead still demand sacrifice.

Religion andthe Quick

The religious tradition of the Chinese is complex and
very different from that of the Western world. In fac, i is
more accurately described as an amalgam of native thought
and imported teachings, a mixture that encompasses phi-
losophy, moral precepts, and metaphysical teachings. The
three central belief systems that make up this tradition are
Taoism, Confucianism, and Buddhism. None of these be-
lief systems are religions after the Judeo-Christian model;
rather, they are most often characterized as teachings or
philosophies. Additionally, they are not entirely distinct
from one another. Their tenets have mingled and influ-
enced each other over the course of centuries, creating @
belief system which is distinctly Chinese.

The product ofthis combination of beliefs isa concept
of death and the nature of the soul which is more complex
than the Western view. Life and death are two parts of a
whole. The one can not exist without the other. Likewise,
the world of the dead is not entirely separate from that of
the living; the two complement one another. This belief in
the unity ofall ehings dissolves any hard and fast distinction
between the living and the dead. The two halves impact
‘one another from necessity. The sprit of the dead draw upon
the living for support in the afterlife. If they do not get this
support, they are likely to take out their anger upon the ni
ligent living. In return for their assistance, the living expect
aid from the dead in supernatural and sometimes mundane

nutter Filial responsibilities do not end with

Nature of the Soul

Last evening I was the same as other people;

this moming I'm listed in the roster of the dead.

When soul and breath scatter, where do they g0,

twhen the wasted form's consigned to hollow wood?
—T'ao Yuan-ming, "Coffin Puller's Song No. 1"
Chinese belief holds that the soul has two parts: one
at conception, the other when the body is born.
The former, the hun, governs aspects of the intellect and
spiritual activity. The latter, the p'o, deals with movement
and physical activity. In death, the twoare separated again,
each to make its own way in the afterlife. The soul may
begin the journey toward paradise now, but
path, Alternately, the hun may choose to inh:
as the Yellow Springs and await her fate, while the p'o
often remains in the vicinity of the body, typically for a
period of three years.

traditional beliefs come close to accurately rep-
resenting the reali
the soul is unknown, but its dual nature is an established
fact. The two parts of the whole do separate upon death.
They remain tied to the ghostly Corpus, but each is now
free of the of the other. This dualit
what Western wraiths observe in the relationship between,
the Psyche and Shadow, represented by the hun and p'o,
respectively. The relationship is not entirely friendly
is it purely antagonistic. The hun remains in control of the
mind and still directs the p'o in the movement of the body.
However, the p'o now asserts its own will in some
especially when concemed with situations involving physi-
cal needs and desires. If the wraith is threatened or pre-
sented with an opportunity for physical gain, the influ-
cence of the p'o increases and mary even supersede the hun.

Ancestor Worship

and I am connected

to the people ahead of me

by a tangled web

of blood and entropy

and I am a child of the twentieth century

cand I recall that the others ahead of me

filled their eyes

they filled thei

Machines of Loving Grace, "Ancestor Cult"

The survival of the sou! is substantially aided by her
living relatives. The
longstandi
central part of everyor

of Chinese wraiths. The origin of

of ancestor worship is

The ties of fumily are a
's life. This relationship continues
even after a fa The dead must be buried
properly in order to send them into the afterlife on the
right foot. In addition to proper rituals and prayers, the
relatives will make sacrifices of goods for the spit

In the past, the dead were buried with items to help
them on their journey. Today the practice takes the form
of burning sacrifices for the dead. Clay and paper models
of homes, clothing, and other necessities are made and
immolated. A common gifts the burning of "hell mon
for the wraith's use in transactions of the de
i after the funeral rites, typi
times year, or when the family isin need of some special
favor from the departed relativ
tangible benefit to the wraith
we buried with a wraith and

These sacrifices are a
after her death. Items that
given the proper ritual become relics inthe afterlife. These
are often items that were important to the individual in
life, or items which will be seen as useful. In the pas, items
included weapons, storage containers, tools, maps of the
underworld always wildly inaccurate), and personal

87 3

The Dark Kingdoms


items. Lately, modern technological items have occasion-
ally been buried, although these items are inoperable in
the Underworld.

Bumed sacrifices are somewhat different. Ifthe wraith
resent when the sacrifice is made, he may immediately
accept the sacrifice as pure Pathos; otherwise, the sacti-
fice appears in its original form before the wraith. The sac-
rifice does not become the item it represents, but
remains in its original form, which the wraith may later
convert into Pathos when it is needed.

‘The ultimate sacrifice for the dead is jad
als buried with this mystic substance carry the
them into the Underworld; relatives place jade on the eyes
and in the mouth of the corpse in order to enable the p'o

with the body for an extended period of
de is the material of choice for the Chinese dead, for
unlike other mate

ste

ions, but the dead know.
The souls of the dead can be
known as white jade, much like
Although inferior to true
common,

shioned into

inthe West
much more
ide are fre-

ted of white

Wraith Players Guide

filial Responsibilities

A wraith's family is her primary source of Pathos and
the focus of her passions. Typically, one of an Eastern
wraith's Passions is to look after the fare of her family.
This may be focused in diffe ss, such as "protect my
family's continued success," or possibly jlsdone
to my relatives by others." Another common Passion is to
encourage love and marriage within the family, as this helps
ensure the continuation of the line.

Tes easier for wraiths to benefit from the passions of

their living relatives, reflected by the d sd difficuley
‘on gleaning Pathos from a relative. However, itis propor-
tionally more difficult co gain strength from the e

of those outside the family. The tremendous support a
wraith gains from her family also has a price. The family,
members will call upon the departed to aid
of trouble. The wraith is bound to try to help the family to
the utmost of her ability. Even ifshe can't accomplish what
they ask of her,

Ifthe family's request goes unfulfilled, the wraith feels
the effects. The hun loses some control to the p'o. The
upset in the family, combined ith's inability
to fulfill her duty, the
family cannot count on the support of their ancestors, then.
it is quite possible that they will stop ma

ing sacrifices.

AY


Fear of such a loss drives the p'o forward to take control.
The p'o gains Angst proportionate to the failure of the
wraith. Ifthe request was entirely ignored, the p'o gains a
‘great deal. Ifan honest attempt was made, but the fulfill-
ment of the request proved unattainable, the gains of the
p'o are minimal.

history ofthe jade Kingdom

The history of the Jade Kingdom reflects the history
of the China of the Quick. From early on, China's dead
were honored by their living relatives. The spirit realm,
was populated by families of wraiths existing in communi-
ties similar to those of the living. Few wraiths existed for
Jong periods of time, usually no longer than three years
Many went directly to Oblivion. Usually, it was the men
and women of stature and achievement that often endured
as wraiths, simply because their memory was revered.

The rise of the aristocracy brought forth cults of dead
leaders. Dead emperors, kings and nobles received great
honors, which they carried with them into the
Shadowlands. The living continued to make sacrifices to
deceased emperors, giving them power to wield in the
Underworld in the form of jade, relics, and other offerings
that bestowed Pathos. These men recreated their earthly
kingdoms in the Shadowlands, subjecting other w
to their rule and enjoying the privileges of nobility, even
ypically, these wraiths would be ousted when a
ntly dead noble would
and worshippers to aid him in his
bid for power. Unfortunately for the common people of
the Shadowlands, the death of an emperor often caused
traumatic upheaval as the newly dead emperor fought the
current ruler for control

qhe Rise of Qin Shihuang

He cracked his great whip to bend the world to his will,
placed deceit and violence above kindness and justice, making
‘tyranny the foundation of his empire.

—Jia Yi, Sins of Qin

‘China was not united under one ruler until the third
independent kingdoms. One kingdom would occasionally
gain suprema + but no single noble could
unite all of China under one rule. The kingdoms warred
with one another in widespread and lengthy campaigns,
sending many dead to the Shadowlands. The Kings of the
Dead likewise fought, battling for the right to reap the
souls of the dying. History records more than one occa-
sion where thousands of wraiths were sentenced to
Oblivion in a battle over a single village of the living.

eos eine
SASS SSN

In 210 BC, Qin Shihuang hit the Shadowlands like a
Maelstrom. During his life, he had succeeded where all
others had failed; he had united China under one rule. He
had set up the imperial system that would rule
centuries to come and had built some of Chit
monuments, including the Great Wall. In li
prepared for death. With the help of coure magicians, he
had created an army of soldiers to serve him in death, kill-
ing twenty-four thousand soldiers to empower his terra:
cotta warriors. His tomb

Qin had

courtesans, slain to serve him forever.
When Qin Shihuang

known, had a striking appearance; the souls of Qin's slain
warriors were now bound to a hard terra-cotta skin that al-
lowed for startlingly fluid and efficient move the
paint that covered them shone in bright colors, defying the
deathly pallor of the Und.
any oppositior
the might of Qin
achievement in life: the Middle Kingdom of th
was united under one ruler. Qin Shihuanj
those who had opposed him

world. They easily swept aside

ath his
dowlands

enslaving thei
ing their souls into white jade for his new building projects

Qin Shihuang took the name Jade Emperor, or Yu
Huang, for himself. Yu Hu
nese gods,
tended to make himself the most powerful of all the dead,
Realizing that his relic palace was too vulnerable, he be
gan (o carve a new structure for himself out of the Tem-
Pest, using the souls of his enemies. Soon after the }
Palace was complete and fortified, Yu Hua
1 of rule similar to that which h
the absolute authority over th

wg established a
hhad created in life;
and, ruling through
‘magistrates who governed the provinces, holding them to
the responsibilities of reaping souls and enforcing the laws.

Expansion of the Empire

At first, the emperor's appetite for souls was voracious.
He continuously conscripted labor to build his palaces and
city in the Tempest, meeting any resistance with an iron fist
This massive oppression led to the First of the Great Revolts
Many attempts were made to destroy the emperor personally
while the lands of the dead rose up in mass revolt. Yu soon
crushed the uprising, but the emperor leamed from the rebel-
lion: he could not exploit his people without limit. The Jade
Emperor seized upon the rage that stil lay in the dead hearts of
his subjects and channeled the energy outward, towards the
dead of adjacent realms. He raised a great arm
Immortal Guard, and swept down upon the neighboring lands.


The Jade Kingdom's forces conquered all the nearby
Shadowlands over the course of the next few centuri

those of Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, Southeast Asia, and even-
tually Japan. These conquered lands were at first incorpo-
rated into the empire. The conqu
take many souls for building projects and rejuv
Immortal Guard without burdening his own people. From

owed Yu Huang to
e his

this experience, the emperor soon realized that he could
rely entirely upon the souls of conquered peoples to fuel
the Jade Kingdom's economy. The conquered lands we

not t

ated as equal members of the empire; C
wraiths were entitled to protection under the laws of the

kingdom, but the conquered wraiths were not. Chinese
governors, sent to rule the

ww territories, collected for

eign souls and sent nual tithe to the emperor. Occa-

with an immense retinue of generals,

ers, courtiers and servants. This show of power be:
came the tradition of the Imperial Tour.

Buddhism and Other Challenges to the Empire

A better world lies in front of me
A sketch of life in the books I read
Then as I walk where heaven leads
last to know?

Sylvian,
During the first century AD, Buddhism first came to
he Indian teachings of the Budd
e culture. Th ince of Buddhist wra
the Jade Kingdom led to se
‘of the emperor. Buddhist the
of ahell, and Yu Huan,
lief. He had already exploited Conf

ulling Punches"

n teachings in or-

der to impose a system of loyalty and service upon his sub

jects. Not wanting to disappoint his new cit

4ell
enemies of the emperor
de. The

Halls of Hell were constructed in a mountain within the

zens, the Jade

Emperor set about constructiny

Hell became a place wher

were sent to be tortured and transformed into

sntboth

Tempest, a mountain which had an earthly equiva
inthe S of the living
nese scholars believed that th entrance to hell
in the Mountain of F
in this

thadowlands and in th

Tu in Szechwan province. Belief
(or to significantly 1
shroud in this area, allowing occasional traffic
dd the Hell of the Jade
Kingdom. Chinese legends tell of brave souls who ven-
tured into the realm of the dea fyi
they beheld. Likewis
record occasional tre
but occasionally a lucky individual would make his way
back home.

eway allowed the emp

duce thi

between the lands of the living

the


‘The coming of Buddhism also brought with it the
Second Great Revolt against the authority of the emperor.
Ie started slowly, as Buddhist wraiths began spreading ru-
mors of a paradise to the east. This paradise, they said,
could be attained by anyone pure of soul. The power of
these rumors grew, and many wraiths attempred the jour-
ney to Peng Lai. None ever returned, but the rebellious
movement grew stronger. The proponents of revolt
preached against the traditional Confucian ideals which
the emperor had twisted for his own purposes. When a
group of thousands attempted the journey together, the
emperor sent his troops to destroy them all. Yu Huang's
army was defeated, and a general uprising ensued. The
emperor overcame the revolt easily, but the shock of his
army's defeat shot his paranoia to new heights.

"The emperor cracked down on the Buddhists, forbid-
ding them to preach their seditious teachings. He urged
his subjects to remember their duties and consider the
needs of their living relatives. He also instituted a series of
laws designed to protect the filial relationships. Wraiths
were given the right of exclusivity towards their families,
and were forbidden to interfere with the living or dead of
other families. With the resources coming in from the con-
quered territories, the emperor could stop levying Chinese
souls for his own needs.

The next great challenge to the emperor's authority
came from the conquered lands. Centuries of foreign rule
had bred monumental discontent among the subjugated
dead. Resistance movements had been operating for centu-
ies, but they had made little headway against Chinese rule.
In the seventeenth century, groups of wraiths from Korea,
Japan, and Tibet rallied together in an armed uprising. Again
‘Yu Huang overcame the threat to his regime, but only after
along struggle. He felt his position weakening, and feared
defeat. Ultimately, the rebels were unable to capitalize on
their gains. Affairs were eventually restored to the status
‘quo, and the emperor again felt secure in his rule.

‘The twentieth century brought new challenges to the
Jade Kingdom. Contact with the rest of the world was prov-
ing to be disruptive to the emperor's authority. Attempting
to expand his influence, Yu Huang came into contact with
other kingdoms of the dead. Conflicts arose over the rights.
to reap souls as Western powers intruded on Easter peoples.
‘The Second World War brought with it the greatest chal
lenge to the empire. With the support of Stygia and other
Dark Kingdoms, Japan began the Fourth Great Revolt
against the Emperor. As Japanese and Chinese troops fought
in the thirties and forties, so too did the dead. Finally, Ja-
pan threw off the yoke of Chinese rule. Throughout the
last few decades, the Jade Emperor has fought to recapture

the lost territory. Iris only lately that he has reestablished
control over a portion of the Japanese Shadowlands. To-
day, the Japanese lead the resistance to the rule of Yu Huang.

Afertife in the Middle Kingdom

Your life has now ended

‘You fear the conclusion

Cast into the dark realms

Destined tothe afterlife

— Bole Thrower, "Afterlife"

‘Over the course of centuries, the Middle Kingdom has
developed a complex system of laws and regulations that
govern existence under Yu Huang. The emperor is the
absolute authority in all matters, the one and only source
of law. However, it has been centuries since the last Impe-
rial Tour. The Jade Emperor has not been seen outside any
of his palaces since before the Third Great Revolt. The
emperor constantly moves from palace to palace, never
letting it be known where he is residing and refusing to
see anyone but his closest advisors. Rumors have begun
that he has in fact slipped into Oblivion, and that
isters are ruling in his name.

Ministers of the emperor rule the cities and provinces
ofthe kingdom. Chosen by the emperor himself (or possi-
bly his advisors), ministers usually serve for their entire
existence, unless the emperor deems their removal neces:
sary. They often have strong, family ties in the region they
administer, ensuring their continued strength in the
‘Shadowlands. The primary function of ministers is to en-
force the laws. They set up courts to this end, and have a
contingent of imperial soldiers ar their disposal, as well as
some local levies.

The laws of the Jade Kingdom closely regulate wraith
behavior. Wraiths are forbidden to interfere in the affairs
of the living outside their family. Likewise, wraiths are
granted the express right to.aidtheie living relatives when-
ever possible. Often, these two dictums clash and trouble
ensues. The living often request aid that affects another
living family, and serious disputes arise in such cases. Some-
times the court handles such disagreements; in other in-
stances a wraith family will take matters into their own
hands. Local ministers are often easily corruptible, and
bribes or promises of ministerial support are common.

‘The law also forbids the use of certain Arcanos that
are seen as "detrimental to the unity of the Chinese
people." Moliate is expressly forbidden, while Lifeweb and
Puppetry are restricted to the wraith's own family. Some
other Arcanos are uncommon in the kingdom; Inhabit is

nin


largely unpracticed, while Castigate takes an entirely dif-
ferent form. There is no tradition of Pardoners. Instead,
Taoist teachings have developed an Arcanos that focuses
‘on the self; wraiths learn to master their own soul rather
than the souls of others.

Laws are more harshly enforced in the conquered
lands. The governors are constantly on the lookout for
signs of revolt, and they react strongly to any challenge to
their authority. The governors are charged with the col-
lection of souls for use in the Jade Kingdom and have free
reign to ensure that the supply remains constant. Gover-
rors vary in their approaches to rule; some are lenient as,
long as they are able to achieve their goals, while others
impose harsh standards on their subjects.

Resistance movements exist in all of the occupied
lands. The rebels' fortunes have varied over the years, but
now the resistance is on the offensive once more. Japan's
successful break in the middle of the century gave hope to
many. Although Japan has been partially retaken, itis still
the source of most rebel thought and activity. These in-
surgents cling to a tradition of unknown origin that holds
that the reign of Yu Huang will fll in the Fifth Great Re-
volt, Rebels often use Arcanos and traditions unfamiliar
totheir Chinese overlords, and have developed new abi
ties unknown in the Jade Kingdom. One of these isa form
of invisibility that allows rebel operations to remain hid-
den from the eyes of their watchful overlords

The Jade Kingdom's relationships with other realms
range from cordial to hateful. The Jade Emperor distrusts
foreigners as a rule, and has had bad experiences dealing
with them. Since his recent war with Stygia, the emperor
has been seeking out ways to harm the Western realm; Yu
suspects that the Stygians are supporting rebel movements.
‘As yet, he has no proof, and a stare of cold war exists be-
tween the two kingdoms. With the disappearance of
Charon, Yu Huang sees an opportunity to make signifi-
cant gains against the West.

Foreign visitors to the Jade Kingdom are uncommon
but not unheard of. Usually, such visitors have the per:
mission of the emperor and are accompanied by govern-
ment officials. Visitors are treated with respect and cau-
tion; they are subject to all the laws of the Kingdom, and
if they violate a law they often serve as examples of how
harsh the punishment can be. Since they seldom have fam-
ily to call upon to influence magistrates, they have little
chance of escaping unscathed. Still, rebels have been.
known to seek aid from the wraiths of other kingdoms,
hoping that aid from abroad will one day bring them free-
dom.

lexicon

Buddhism: A philosophy, founded in India, that
‘teaches that right thinking and self-denial will enable the
soul to reach Nirvana, a divine state of release from misdi-
rected desire

Confucianism: The ethical teachings formulated by
Confucius and introduced into Chinese religion; they
emphasize devotion to parents, family, and friends, culti-
vation of the mind, self-control, and honest social activ-
ity.

Conquered territories: The non-Chinese
Shadowlands under the dominion of the Jade Kingdom.

Feng Tu: Entrance into the Hell created by the Em-
peror as.a place to send criminals and enemies.

Hun: The intellectual aspect of the soul, controlling
higher functions.

Immortal Guard: The Emperors elite army; incred-
Ibly strong and fanatically loyal.

Jade Palace: The Emperor's colossal abode, located
within the Tempest.

Kuei: Hungry Ghosts; nearly mindless manifestations
of the disgruntled p'o that has not been properly buried.
‘They wander the Yellow Springs, causing mayhem.

Peng Lai: Another term for Paradise.

P'o: The part of the soul related to physical aspects of

existence; often referred to as the "animalistic" side of the
soul,

in Shihuang: Yu Huang, Jade Emperor. In life, the
first emperor of a united China.

Taoism: A philosophy founded on the doctrines of
advocates simplicity, selflessness, and similar

Laot
virtues.

White Jade: The term for the milky white substance
into which enslaved wraiths are often transformed simi
lar to Stygian metal.

Yellow Springs: Another term for the Shadowlands.

Yu: The Chinese word for jade, which has mystical
powers in the Underworld.

‘Yu Huang: The Jade Emperor; ruler of the lands of
the Chinese dead and many conquered territories.

Zhongguo: The Middle Kingdom; China and the
Skinlands thereof in general.

te layed lands |
The Dark Kine of Obscan

by Tim Akers

gods who flay themselves to feed the

living, and mortals who willingly offer

themselves

for sacrifice to please the

gods. This equilibrium is an

Mesoamerican thou

cotl, "He and She of our Flesh,

fs, who in
in the universe. In this way,
mals and everything that is or ever was have oni

and are all part of one matter. When someo

dies, they
sd to create some other part

return to Ometeot! and are v

of the universe. At least, most of them do.

The Four Destructions
and the Coming of Mixcoat

Mesoamerican history describes four ages prior to this

present one. Each age ends with a great Destruction that
eliminates almost all human life, and the age is named a
od it. The Destruction

that ended the previous age was the Destruction
when a great flood drowned n

cording to the Destruct
y Water,
st of the earth'

man and a woman. The man's name w
was chosen by the gods to repop
Mixco npire out
of the few people who had survived the Destruction. He

sacrifices for the g

I soon forged a

ire, and set about con-
nt day Mexico.

‘named his realm the Olmecian Em

‘quering the whole of Mecitin: pre

Long before his people were able to spread very far,
Mixcoatl died of old age. Rather than being gathered back
into the arms of Ometeot! as he expected, Mixcoatl found

himself on the outskirts of the city that served as the capi-
yand

that could help him. Everywhere

tal of his empire. Confused, Mixcoatl ente

ied to find someor

The Dark kingdom of Obsidian

k Kingdom
of Obsidian was in fact three (or perhaps
more) distinct empires North,
Central and South America respectively
These three empires existed in a loose con

stroyed by Stygia, the former D,

covering

federation, though warfare among the three
was common. With the coming of Burope-

w World, many of the Native
0 the culture and religion of their

ans to the
Amer
nist

cans
who

survivor

conqueror

hat followed, the Lands of
4 Lands and the Lands of
ere referred to by the few

In the year
Flint, the Flay
hey
an scholars aware of their existence, lost
nearly all their territory adowkands
ands in the Tempest claimed
harder to reach, ats
s maintained the

itis not known what re
rories claimed by
South America — if

at all. For now, the occ
vidence of the former
¢ is all that rei
one of the greatest Kingdoms

of the Dead in all the Underworld.

of the for
ad of Nort
anythin
sional tatter of
Mesoamerican emp

remain:

‘tins of
what was onc

that he went, no one seemed to notice or hear him. In
fact,
our tou.

people seemed to walk right through him with-
jing him at all. He wandered the streets of his
beloved city, even walked through his own house, but no-
where could he find an eye that saw him or an ear that
heard his pleas for help.

Ie was then that Mixcoatl saw a very di
thing: h

concerting

own body, being carried to the burial grounds
just outside of the city. He
mourning for him, trailing b
his corpse. Driven mad with fear,
and 0

w his wife and children,
ichind the priests thar carried

Aixcoatl fled the city

ed to lose himself in the forest. He spent many days
considering the things that he had seen, and came to a
few conclusions. First of all, it was painfully obvious that
he was, in fact, dead. Bur rather than being gathered to
‘Ometeot!'s bosom, he was trapped in this land of neither.

here-nor-there. He was in the world that he had known

OSL hie

Pronunciation Guide

The Mesoamerican names in this book
can be a little tr
nunciation are fairly simple

ut the rules of pro-

iis pronounced "e
0 is pronounced "oh"

¢ is pronoun

{fors0 long, bur that world no longer saw him. Second, the
on. He, Mixcoatl, had
re the earth and to

gods must have done this for a re

been chosen by the gods to repoy

care for it. He was the one who was supposed to bind the
people of the earth together into one ©
might better serve the gods. So, clearly, the gods had put
him in this situation to carry out his duty. Death was not

ture, that they

the greatest sacrifice one could make to the gods; life after
death was. He would find a way to take care of his king:
dom, to watch over his children and to unite the earth,

s Mixcoatl

into one people. Heartened by this new insi

beloved Ol

returned to hi

he Founding ofthe
jouse ofthe Werejaguar

Mixcoatl soon met others like him, people who had.

to carry out his duty.

not gone on to Omereorl. He quickly learned how to cause
the clouds to rain on the Olmecs' crops
the wild animals towards the Oln

and how to spook
ecian hunters. He taught
these tricks to his newly dead followers, and the Olmecian
Empire quickly blossomed under his care. The Olmecs
credited their recent success to the We

ar, the one

name under which they lumped all of the gods. Mixcoatl
followed their cue and declared himself the Werejaguar,
and his followers he titled members of the House of the
‘Werejaguar. He soon learned that he ©
given off by the sacrifi
his powers, and

de

swelled, as did the Olmecian Empire

dl use the energy
priests to fuel

es of the Olmeci:

he dreams of several seers to

peared
nd more of the sacrifices. The ranks of the Werejaguar

The Olmecs grew fat and la
ofthe Were
themselves,

under the watchful eye
rar. Slowly, they began co collapse in upon

Do de te House of the Were)

tohunt or grow crops. The final blow was dealt by

tribe from the north. They refused to bow before the grow-
ing tide of Olmecian influence, and went to war. The
House of the Werejaguar did what it could, but the Olmecs
had grown too dependent on the Werejaguar to defend
and the whole empire fell apart.

The Four Houses of the flayed Lands

Mixcoatl has not been heard from since the Olmecian,

themsel

Empire collapsed, long ago. At first, the higher ranking
bers of the House of the Werejaguar hid this fact from
the public eye. But without Mixcoatl, the House licked
its previous drive. Soon, wraiths from other tribes began
appearing in the Flayed Lands. Until now, only those who
had been Olmecs in life had passed on to this life after
death; no other ghosts had been heard from. But as time
passed, faith in the Were Skinlands,
The collapse of the Olmecian Empire was seen as a sign
that the Werejaguar was no longer worthy of the worship
of mortals, and the names of other gods began to be re-
vered. Where once the Wereja
vider and comforter, there were now mortals who paid fe-
alty to Xipe Totec, Ix Chel and Itzam Na,

As the members of these religions died, they entered
the Flayed Lands and denied the power of the Olmecs.
Instead, they founded Houses of their own and nam
after the gods of th h How
ust as the Werejaguars

ir waned in the

stood alone asthe pro-

them

people. E
ing their own tribe for g

started groom:

had. They sparked wars between the tribes, conflicts that
kept the people of Mesoamerica from theie full potential
Even the F
ing. The Houses waged war on each other, and many souls
were destroyed. The members of the H
Werejaguar realized that t
Mixcoatl had been tryin
of the dead together for

The council wa
were suspicious of the We

yed Lands were not exempt from this infight-

of the
s war was the very thing that

to avoid, and so they called all

council
nultuous affair. The new Houses
jaguars and each other. The
House of the Werejaguar had no
Skinlands, but they still held considerable power in the
Flayed Lands. With Mixcoatl's vision in mind, they th
best to maintain control of the council. Theit nue
as enough to get the dead talking to each other.
Finally, the Houses reached an agreement. The w
‘layed Lands would not con

ous, but it

its

of their en-
ergy on any one tribe, but would rather work together for
the good of all of Mesoamerica. Wraiths would be divided
according to the way in which they had lived. Each House
would be comprised of polar opposites, to maintain a bal-

ance of power. The leader of each House would assume
the name of one of the gods, and his House would take
that name as well. Each House would then rake in the
wraiths that exemplified the

icteristics of their pa-

The Dark Kingdoms 95


tron diety. The leaders of the Houses would form a coun-
cil, one in which their votes would be equal. This council
would rule the Flayed Lands.

The days following the formation of the council were
tense. There were many bands of wraiths that had taken
the names of gods, and those who weren't included in the
final four Houses resented being forced into the new sys-
tem. The Council itself had no set leader, being a parlia-
ment of equals, and the Houses continually maneuvered
among themselves to gain control of the Flayed Lands. Even
after the Conquest, the Council remains deeply divided in
its interests. The four Houses still occasionally fight amongst
themselves, both covertly and in the open, and perty
bles reduce the effectiveness of the Flayed Lands. The
Council is an unwanted shackle forced upon the Flayed
Lands by a greater urge — that of self-preservation.

qhe House ofthe Werejguar

This House took no more members after the collapse
of the Olmecian Empire. Its members are rare, as most have
passed on into the arms of Ometeotl. However, those that
remain are extremely powerful and completely commit-
ted to Mixcoatl's vision of the unification of all people.

The House of ix Chel

Ix Chel is the heaven-god's consort, the old woman
of floods and rainstorms. Those who led lives of either great
successor great failure find themselves in her House. Many
generals, kings, businessmen and idiots populate this
House. The House of Ix Chel was the most in favor of
resistance to the Heretics when they arrived, and when.
the Heretics did attack, [x Chel's wraiths stood their ground.
and battled to the end, long after the other Houses had
gone into hiding,

The House of Xipe Totee

Xipe Totec is the House of the Flayed God, god of
cxops and war. Any who were either takers or givers of life
join the House of Xipe Totec. It is mainly populated by
warriors, nurses and farmers, as well as murderers and petty
thieves. The House of Xipe Totec has the most potential
for controlling the Council, but its members are so often,
at odds with one another that the House is usually para-
lyzed from within


more than welcome here. I the largest
House, but its members are rarely spectacular or pow'

therefore, it rarely has much in

History ofthe Conquest

‘layed Lands continued to grow and expand, and
als that lived with chem build
‘complex society. The wraiths of the Flayed Lands had
discovered the diffe

nce between thi jowlands and

any byways between
aed this realm the Fifth Sun, signi
in which the Flayed Lands were established.

ile giant temples in honor of their patron
dieties, and forged the Pathos from the sacrifices of the
gardensand pyramids. The Fifth S

oing well for the Flayed Lands.

mortals into beaut
and things w
Then the ships started to arrive, carrying

Faced with political and religious
Stygia, many Heretics skinrode the early Spanish explor

sto the New World. Rather than at
id the wraiths that they met ther

ers and missior

ed from desperation and xenophobi

tygian Inquisitors, as well as these new Fla
ths who drew power from human sacrifices, the Her

ind set out to conquer this new

man priests made to theit gods,
tics possessed bands of Spanish warriors and
generals and led them to war against the tribes.

At first, the wraiths of the Flayed Lands were unsure
how to treat these new Stygian wraiths. The House of the 9M
Werejaguar believed that Mixcoat!'s plan for the unifica-
tion of

so the He

I's
I wraiths and people included these strange fel: 9

lows, and they called for assimilation between the factions.
Others saw nothing but trouble in the Stygian wraiths,
and demanded that the Flayed Lands prepare for war.
Unfortunately, neither side won out before the Heretics
seruck. The Flayed Lands were too busy bickering among
themselves to effectively defend their realm. The war was
bitter and long, for the Flayed wraiths were powerful, but
as the wrds overwhelmed the aboriginal population,
the Flayed Lands began to crumble. The Houses were still


tunable to agree how to deal with the invaders. Most, sens-
ing their power drain away, wanted to flee the Fifth Sun.
and find shelter elsewhere in the Tempest. The leader of
the House of Ix Chel dissented, choosing to defend this
realm from the Stygians. He managed to gather many fol-
lowers around himself, and started to prepare the Fifth Sun,
for long term warfare. Seeing Ix Chel's confidence, those
who had been calling for retreat found themselves ready-
ing for war, driven on by Ix Chel's wraiths. In the end,
only a handful of wraiths left the Fifth Sun before the
Heretics' final assault.

Before the Stygians' coming, the only source of power
for the wraiths of the Flayed Lands had been the sacrifices
made by the human priests. As those priests died, the Flayed
wraiths found themselves unable to use their Arcanos, and
were finally defeated by the Heretics. The Heretics stormed
the Fifth Sun, tearing down its building and burning its
gardens. They ripped a hole in the ground of the Fifth Sun
and hurled the members of the council into it, along with.
most of the armies of the Flayed Lands. That done, the
Stygian Heretics celebrated their victory over the "Dark
Kingdom of Obsidian." The only ones to escape the mas-
were were those who recognized the significance of the
leath of the human priests early on, and had prepared
another, smaller realm to flee to.

This smaller realm was called the New Sun by those
that huddled in its confines in the days following the Con-
quest. By using the last of their Pathos, the Houses were
able to conceal the New Sun from the Heretics. Their great
realm was destroyed, their leaders were dead, and the mor-
tals that they had committed their afterlives to nurturing
were now an assimilated, subjugated race. They had no
outposts in the Shadowlands, and only a smal, colorless
realm in the Tempest, bur the wraiths of the Flayed Lands
had survived.

Unlife After the Conquest

After many years, the new council decided thar the
time had come to venture outside the New Sun to see what
hhad become of their lands. The firse scouts learned that
the Hereties had been driven from the land, only to be
replaced by an even more oppressive system, the Hierar-
chy. Where once the Houses had provided for the living,
the Hierarchy fed off the living, gathering energy from their
passions. The wraiths of the Flayed Lands realized that
there were no more Mesoamerican priests to offer them
sicifices, and so they observed the Stygians gathering
Pathos and learned. Iesickened the Flayed wraiths to leech
Pathos off humanity, rather than accepting it as a freely
given gift. But they had to gather Pathos somehow, and
this seemed to be the only way.

Wraith Players Guide

The council set about making plans to begin gather-
ing souls once more, to restore the Flayed Lands to power.
For now, the souls must be whisked away quietly, out from
under the noses of the Stygian Reapers. A few outposts in
the Shadowlands have been reestablished, far from an
area settled by the Stygians. Once again, bands of Flayed
warriors roam the jungles of Mexico, preying on the un-
wary wraiths whose ancestors so long ago stole the Flayed
Lands and slaughtered its inhabitants.

There are two main problems facing the Houses right
now. First, the Stygian Hierarchy is big. Real big. Much
bigger than the Fifth Sun or any of its inhabitants. The
trick isto keep the Stygians from realizing that the Flayed
Lands exist at all. Keep quiet, keep hidden, and all will be
safe...for now.

The second problem involves the new recruits to the
Flayed Lands. These people were taxi drivers and lawyets.
They aren't really interested in what happened a couple
of hundred years ago to some of their ancestors. If they
really cared, they would have revolted while they were
alive. Now, they're trying to cope with death, trying to
figure out where they are, and they really don't have time
to revenge long-ago wrongs. Of course, there are afew who
are eager to carry out bloody vengeance; but for the most
part, these people are still trying to sort out their lives,
now that they've lost them, and would rather not sneak
around in the bushes trying to set up an ambush.

All in all, the Houses of the Flayed Lands have quite
a task ahead of them. No one can see them, no one can
find them, and no one can hear of them until they're ready.
Ready for what? Why,

Transcendence and Oblivion

in the Flayed Lands

Wraiths of the Flayed Lands believe in the oneness of
all things. They believe that their existence in this half
world of death and life is only temporary. Once they have
fulfilled cheir duty, they will be carried into the presence of
‘Ometeotl and be allowed to become one with the universe
again. This, to them, is Transcendence. On the other hand,
itis possible that they will fai in their duty and their mat-
ter will be forever proscribed from the universe. Oblivion
toa wraith of the Flayed Lands is much more than loss of a
soul. Its the loss of part of the universe, the destruction of
a small bit of Ometeotl. It is outside the natural order of
things, and a blasphemy to the gods. The Flayed wraiths
still argue as co whether or not Mixcoatl Transcended when
he disappeared, ot if he was cast into Oblivion forever.
There are even some who believe that he is still alive, wan-
dering the earth and looking for his lost Olmecian Empire.

rolution, of course.


African eres

The Dark Kingdom of

by Nathaniel Barmore and Allen Tower

5H] 1 many ways, the Underworld of Af-
Re j rica is unique among the realms of the

7d ciead. The souls of animals exist side
by side with those of humans, and mys-
G) terious creatures calling themselves

" gods" strive for power and worshipers.
Even the Shadowlands themselves ap-
pear different, almost verdant in an ominous way. And no
technique has been discovered to create permanent mate-
from the souls ofthe dead; Artifacts and relics are much,
more valuable in the African Underworld

‘The Dark Kingdom of Ivory has a great deal of contact
with Stygia, yet almost no accurate information on it has
escaped its bow , for example, the title "Dark
Kingdom of Ivory"; this is obviously not what African
‘wraiths call their realm, but is rather a name bestowed from
the outside. While it could be argued that Stygia and the
Dark Kingdoms of Jade and Obsidian were indeed founded
on iton, jade, and obsidian, ivory has always been valued
more by those attempting to colonize the "dark continent"
than by tho To the majority of Afri-
cans, ivory is symbolic of art and religion, not economics.

The Lands

Here ghosts from long-dead worlds have made their home.
Dark Mangrove boughs form window frame and door.
Of whispering wind-swayed leaves is built each wall:
—D.A.T,, Life in Southern Niger
The Shadowland cities of Africa are not much different
from those of the rest of the world. Buildings are more run
down, and everything appears in various states of decay. How-
ever, much more of the Shadowlands are rural, and the dif
ference there is distinct, if subele. Unlike the cities, there is
very lite difference between the pastoral lands of the living
and the dead. The land appears much the same, and even
thepl nost as they do in the living world. leis said

tive to the are:

n the Skinlands, only to appear as ghosts in the
lands. All reflections of flora have an ominous, al-
most sinister feeling abour them, however; abambo are reluc-
tant to travel alone through the bush, and anecdotal tales of
this reluctance.

It isas if the Shroud is thinner here, and almost nonex-
istent in places. Sunlight occasionally filters through to the
Shadowlands, an event unheard of in Stygian lands. The
African Shadowlands are a study in contrast. The cities are
great, decaying masses shrouded in smog, as desolate as any
Stygian counterpart. However, the wilds of the rural areas
seem immune to this effect. Unlike the cities of humanity,
the Bush seems immorzal, as close as the Underworld comes
to being alive. It remains to be seen if human activity and
development may threaten it, though there are tales of once-
lush areas of the Shadowlands disappearing.

Surrounding everything is the Ocean, a roiling, cha

ic realm not unlike the heart of the worst Skinland hurt

. Those who traverse it find that its confusion extends
beyond the corporeal senses, warping both the physical and
spiritual balances of unwary travelers. Those who do man-
age this arduous passage emerge disoriented. Many ibambo
has regained her senses only to discover that the weeks she
spent in the Ocean were actually centuries to her friends.

Byways are difficult to find in the Ocean. Unlike its
namesake in the Skinlands, the Ocean is a homogeneous
mass, and only luck can seem to find a calmer or easier
path. It is said that the only sure way of making such a
journey is to hold a vision of your goal firmly in your heart
at all times. Space itself may change, making a journey
arbitrarily longer or shorter, but if an ibambo can
location and not give up hope, she should e
it. Even with the power of Argos, many abambo become
lost here if they are not with their destination.

Deep within the Ocean lie the Lost Kingdoms, socalled
because only those who know what they are looking for hav
any hope of finding them. Each of these kingdoms is an em-
pire in its own right, some with power rivaling that of Stygia.
While there are many individual realms, no single kingdom
hasthe clear dominance that Stypia is famed fr in the West

The lies

Phantom faces at the window

Phantom shadows on the floor

— "Empty Chairs, Empty Tables," Les Miserables

What outsiders know about Africas Underworld comes
more from hearsay and rumor than actual fact or experience.
Stygians tend to see what they want to see in their African,
counterpart: a central rule, standard unit of rade, and wraiths
who correspond to the common Westem concept of tribal
savages. Stygia's image of "The Dark Kingdom of Ivory" isa
construct, an illusion created by several African rulers who
wisely believed that if Stygia was shown what it expected, the
Stygian lords would remain distant and disinterested. The
actual "Dark Kingdom of Ivory" isa conglomeration of some-
times allied peoples and cultural groups, while the particular

e" her
lly reach

The Dark Kingdoms 9 9e

"Dark Kingdom" that outsiders see isa small realm, organized
in a Stygian manner and ruled by the figurehead Dark Queen.
The mock realm is the only point of contact with outside
wraiths, making ithe surest destination for those who traverse
the Ocean from other lands. In this manner, the Aftican
wraiths have kept contact with the outside toa minimum.

The Truth

In Africa, itis very important to know the names of our
family, those who are still living, and those who have passed
away. If you goto another village, you tell people who you are,
quoting your ancestors proudly by name.

— Geina Mhlophe,

Much about the African Underworld would appear
strange to an outsider. No one is certain whether it is the
work of the mythical Old Gods, or a property of the land
and cultures, yet all who dwell in either the Skinlands or
the Shadowlands consider themselves one half ofa whol
Life and death are two states, yet aspects of the same thing,
for is not sleep an is of death? Both are a part of
the same continu dow east by a tree, rock, oF
passing trader falls on the ground in both lands. Existence

of the Torto

in the Shadowlands is seen as a chance for redemption.
Ie is difficult to assert which world is a reflection of

permanent than the sou
eas not always.aseparate land
of the dead, for once there was no death. Then again, this,
may be just a story. Nevertheless, the boundary between the
‘wo realms is slight, and itis even possible for those with the.
proper esoteric knowledge to pass from one to the other.
The Underworld of Africa is one of the oldest, if not
the oldest, in existence around the globe, It stands to rea-
son that the first dwelling place for the Quick should also
alike its western coun-
terpart, the Underworld of Africa predates the human dead.
leed, the political structures of many of the Kingdoms
¢ traced back to the civilizations and societies established
by the Old Gods and their subjects, Is. Though
the Old Gods are said to have left, pechaps forall tt
haps only to return at a later date, the animals re
the Underworld, keeping their memories and traditions alive,
The relationship between animals and humans in the
‘Underworld is unique, and lies in their mutual history. Accon>
ing to tradition, there was atime before death entered into the
world, a connection between all the
‘worlds, Death arase from the actions of an animal, but time has,
obscured the identity ofthe culprit. Some n that it was
a deliberate act, some that it was an accident, and others still,
that death was born of carelessness. Regandless of the reason,
those who bewail their existence in the Underworld hi
ready scapegoat, and no small amount of tension has arisen.

when there


tween the animals and the humans. The animals point out that
they suffer aswell, and have even been denied full existence in
the lands of the living. Before the separation of life and death,
they ay, animals and people led very similar lives. Both lived in

are trapped within unthinking bodies in the lands of the living,
denied both the dignities of sentience and civilization. The cause
of the animals' present state is also suspiciously untecorded.
‘According to some Underworld scholars, the origin of
death had another, more profound impact on history. They
say that it was fear of death that led humans to leave the

‘African continent in a search for lands as yet untouched by
the spectre of mortality. Ie has also been suggested that the
Fountain of Youth, Avalon, and others were merely meta-
phors for such a land. Ironically, such a land could never be
found. Even if it had existed, the very presence of humans
would have changed it forever, for they carried death with
them. Curiously, the animals of other lands do not mani-
fest in theit Underworlds. Some scholars suggest that only
the descendants of the animals of the unified land, Africa
before death, still have souls. Others decry this as foolish
and egocentric, and assert that only in the African Under-
world are the barriers between the world of the animal dead.
and the human dead weak enough that both seem to coex-
ist. The animals are suspiciously silent on the matter.

The relationship between the living and the dead,
much like that between their respective worlds, isa close

and ancient one. The most important element in this link
isthe bond of family. Family bonds are not severed by death;
in many ways they are strengthened. It isa matter of course
that one honors the dead, so as to make their time in the
next world as pleasant as possible. Similarly, failure to pay
proper respect is expected to result in dire consequence:
and tales abound of neglected ancestors wreaking thei
vengeance on the living. Death, they say is the least of
the punishments. It is better to appease the dead, even
‘out of fear, than to run the risk of earning their hatred.

The general attitude of respect towards one's ancestors,
combined with fea of failing todo so, keeps spiritualism alive.
People maintain contact with their ancestors and other dead,
ingthei namesat important ceremonies and remem-
them when good luck strikes. Ifthe living need aid, or
‘commit a minor transgression, knowledge of the appropriate
sacrifices and propitiations is thankfully widespread.

Should more aid be needed, whether for personal gain or
forappeasing angry spirits, specialists exist. Sorcerers are those
who wish todo more than merely keep the anina at bay. They
wish to control the dead, and use them for their own gain.
‘Thisisslavery, and Africans see it as no less evil than enslav-
ingthe living. Accusations of sorcery are taken very seriously;
known sorcerersare generally feared and despised. A sorcerers
soalsare rarely the well-being of either the living or the dead.


While sorcerers are few and far between, nearly every
village has a doctor, someone who wields the power to com-
‘mune with anina for good. The doctors help those who have
made a mistake or offended a spirit, and counter the evils of
sorcerers. Unlike the sorcerers, doctors are widely respected
and honored, and are present at every major holiday and
occasion to ensure the goodwill of the attendant spirits.

The Past

You can worship your own god. Its ood that a man should
worship the

gods and the spirits of his fathers

Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart

‘There has been only one significant instance of the liv-
ing interfering with the lands of the dead. Some say chat
after the departure of the Old Gods, there was a power
vacuum among local tribes and in cities of the Skinlands.
This vacuum was even more pronounced in the Underworld.
Many local rulers wished for the power of the Shadowlands,
tnd the additional influence that such power would give them,
inthe Skinlands. However, with so many contending in both
lands, the power that one could gain was often of little help.
‘What one could do, another did as well, and ifone lord man-
aged to somehow become a threat to those around her, sev-
eral others would form a temporary alliance to best the more
powerful ruler. This was further complicated by the neces-
sity of juggling tenuous alliances in both the lands of the
and the dead. Things continued in this manner for
i a Yoruban Oba conceived of a solution.

With the fracturing of worlds and the raising of the
Shroud, many powerful beings, some of whom were wor-
shipped as gods, were being forced to abandon their lands
and positions. The Oba contacted several ofthese beings,
and proposed an alliance. The beings would be granted
dominion over the lands of the dead, where their powers
would not abandon them. In return, they would ally with
the Yoruban Obas. The offer was too tempting to refuse.
The entities collectively took the name Orisha (not to be
confused with beings from the Egyptian underworld) from
J the beliefs and myths of their Yoruban allies. With the

Orishas' aid, the Obas easily dominated the nearby lands.

However, both sides feared the return of the Old Gods,
and gathered power for the inevitable confrontation. When,
after a time, it became apparent that the Old Gods weren't
returning in the foreseeable future, the Orishas turned their
antention elsewhere. Border war briefly broke out s they jock-
eyed for position amongst themselves. After some order was
‘established, many Orishas sought to ensure the welfare oftheir
mortal allies, as they had done in their old lands. However,
the forces oftheir new home interfered. Overtime, most of
the Orishas were forced to retreat into the Kingdoms, away
from their mortal allies. They lived on in the myths of the

102 Wraith Payers Guide

people, who remembered their benevolence and aid. Memory
is power to a wraith, and even the Skinlands still fele the
Orisha's influence to some extent. Barring occasional feuds
and minor struggles, the Aftican wraiths existed in relative

—until the coming of the stavers and colonial powers.

The Pe

Things fall apart; the center cannot hold;

Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.

—W. B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

Many of the kingdoms are still ruled by Orishas, some
singly and some in concert. Since losing their direct con-
tact to the Skinlands, their power has waned considerably.
While it is rare that a person who maintains some form of
contact with their ancestors has not heard of the Orishas,
it is those who have forgotten the old ways that threaten
their power. An entire class of humans has arisen that no
longer pays homage to the dead. The Orishas, having no
descendants oftheir own, depend on thishomage more than
any other ibambo for their continued existence and power.
‘This waning has led to the overthrow of some of the Orishas.
Several Kingdoms are now controlled by abambo, and i is
rumored that atleast one is under animal control.

(Christianity and Islam have profoundly changed beliefs
in much of Africa, and ancestor worship has fallen by the
wayside. Some consider ancestor worship and the other old
‘ways preindustrial anachronisms. Others, ignored by society
a whole and barely able to sustain themselves, simply do
not have the time or resources to sufficiently honor the dead.
Consequently, there have been two great changes in the
Underworld. First, there are far more people in the Under-
world for far longer because they do not receive the respect
and remembrance they need to grow and leave their life be-
hind. Second, those who find themselves in the land of the
dead are rarely prepared for what it entails. This situation is
further complicated by increasing violence and lack of proper
burial rituals, both symptoms of a population on the verge of
sowing out of contol. The population growth has eartied
over into the Underworld, where the number of new abambo
has dramatically expanded every year for the past century,
‘overtaxing the social mechanisms designed to accommodate
them. All of these factors contribute to growing unrest.

‘This tension manifests itself in a variety of ways. One of
the most common forms is a growing materialism that both
reflects and is a response to the same phenomena in the
Skinlands. Due to the greater emphasis on material goods in
life, modern abambo have become accustomed to possessions
as both signs of luxury and status. However, this same mate-
rialism has led to fewer items being sacrificed with the dead,
resulting in significantly fewer relics in the Underworld. In-
<reasing demand and decreasing supply have inevitably fu-
celed dissatisfaction. The responses to this trend are varied


and extreme. Some satisfy their lust for goods by supporting a
‘weak but growing trade with Stygian Shadowlands, as well as
other realms. Others decry this as betrayal, and claim that
those who support this trade in soul-forged goods are no bet-
terthan the slaversand colonialists. The materialisesare aware
of this irony, and claim that itis a form of poetic justice; trad-
ing in the souls of westerners scems much the same as the
savers' trading in African people.

Tensions between human and animal abambo are also
building, As fast as the numbers of human abambo are grow.
ing, the animal abambo are growing faster, and they right-
fully blame the humans for this. Rumors tel of enraged el
ephants, rhinoceri, and other animals being hunted to ex-
tinction taking revenge on isolated groups of abambo. Disap-
pearances that would otherwise be attributed to the Sinkinda
or Mla Watu (described later) are now being lain at the feet
of animal militants. There are even a few disturbing tales of
rogue humans destroying animal villages in retribution.

‘Whatever the reasons, the Orishas and the governments
of the dead are not appreciative of these changes. Along with
some of the younger abambo, they wish co return to the old
‘ways, to regain the life that they remember before the coming
of industrialism and Western ideals. The materialists, on the
other hand, are the leading proponents of out-Westernizing
the West. They want to best Stygia in this new game of eco-
nomics as they were unable to do in politics, either Restless or
Quick. Other young abambo see xenophobia and antianimal
sentimentas their key toattaining power, perhaps even a King
dom of their own. Clever Sinkinda and Mia Watu do what
they can to further this strife for their own gruesome ends.

‘The influence of foreign cultural ideas has had a marked
influence on the African underworld. Islam began making
inroads into Africa in the 9th century, and Christianity
talism, democracy and other European ideals were not far be-
hind. Inevitably, this has caused a great deal of strife and divi-
sion. Very few ahambo are sure oftheir position any more; of
course, this only makes them more certain that they are in
the right. Even the Orishas have been dragged into this ideo-
logical strugg J firmly on the side of tradition.
‘There are some, however, who say that trying to fight progress
ishopeless, and even a few who enthusiastically embrace the
new ways. In addition to materialism, democracy isone of the
growing points of contention between various factions. All
but one of the Orishas are opposed to it, realizing that their
own power would be reduced by such an egalitarian system.
However, arguing on tradition does very little to sway much,
support, as many abambo lived under democracies in life.

‘Transcendence, Oblivion, and the uncertainty of immor-
tality is another issue that is growing rapidly mote explosive.
Native scholars never imagined that abambo need fear a sec
ond death. It was assumed that an ibambo would not "die"
until she had accomplished her goals, at which point she
would finally be reincarnated. Effectively, they believed in

unconditional Transcendence for everyone. The possibility
that certain destructions are to be avoided, and that only a
very few actually attain Transcendence, was, to say the leas,
extremely disheartening, These new beliefs have led to the
unpleasant and vehement proselytizing of many groups, with
several of the Orishas being the most outspoken. They see
this schism as an opportunity to regain their lost power by
claiming thar only they can guarantee Transcendence. There
are rumors that some of them may have begun to back up.
their words with inquisitionlike pogroms and other strongarm,
tactics designed to inerease their worship.

Inaddition tothe intemal strife, there are extemal threats
that nearly all agree are the enemy. The foremost among them
are the Sinkinda, terifying and grotesque monsters somewhat,
akin to Stygian Shades. However, unlike their Westem coun-
terparts, Sinkinda possess an malevolent intelligence, and are
capable of planning devious assaults and ambushes. A much
more dangerous (though rarer) threat is posed by the Mla Waru
kingdoms. They believe that by consuming the Corpuses of
other abambo, they gain in power, particularly ina traitstrongly
developed in the victim. Many a beautiful ibambo has disap-
peared, and occasionally those renowned for great intelligence
or strength are the subject of kidnapping attempts, Mla Watu
‘occasionally have as much power as the Orishas, leading some
toquestion whether there isn't some grain of truth to the ghost-
cers beliefs. There are Mla Watu subjects and spies through
the Underworld, and itis theoretically possible that any
given ibambo could be one of them. A final threat isthe Ocean,
itself Legend has it that the Creator tricked it into giving
humans souls. African wraiths believe that the random-seem-
ing storms and abambo lost in its depths are examples of the
‘Ocean venting its frustration and anger at being tricked.

"The presence of foreigners only adds fuel to all ofthe so-
2s. Some are émigrés from id other parts of the
Underworld, while others are the ghosts of people who hap-
pened to be in Africa nes of their death. Whatever
their reasons for being here, at one time or another they have
been accused of causing every problem, as well as supporting
action. Many re the history of the colonialist,
and fear that foreigners will attempt to repeat it. Others fear
that the outsiders will never fit into the Underworld of Africa,
and may destroy it. Finally, many believe both theories are
correct. While the foreigners may or may not be to blame for
the problems of the African Underworld, many fear that they
might be the catalyst of the Ivory Kingdom's undoing

Abanbo Metaphysics

While the abambo of Africa have much in common with
their Stygian counterparts, they would be unable to have
meaningful discussions with the Stygians about the nature of

their existence. Stygians see themselves as dualistic entities,

comprised of the Psyche, the seat of the self, and the Shadow,
The Dark Kingdoms


quadripartite entities. There isthe soul, the immortal essence
of every living being; it roughly corresponds to Stygian ideas
of the Payche. There is the shadowself, easily comparable to
the Shadow: Then there are the dreamself and the heart.
Both perform functions recognized by Stygian wraiths, but
are considered attributes of the Psyche. In life, the dreamself
is the source of all dreams; it leaves the body during sleep and
travels to the Shadowlands. In death, i is the dreamself that
channels emotions, enabling the ibambo to gather and use
Pathos. Ir somewhat corresponds to the sur of the Passions.
‘Without it, the tambo would starve, unable to feed from even
the most abundant feelings. The heartlif servesas the bridge
becween the spiritual and the material. It is the heartlife that
connects the soul to the body of the living, and it maineains
the ibambo's tenuous link to the Skinlands; Stygians would
recognize it as the sum of the Fetters.

lexicon
Abaml Plural of ibambo.
Anina: Plural of inina.

Dark Kingdom of Ivory: One of the Lost Kingdoms;
clevated to its special status to appease Stygian perceptions.

Thambo (pl. Abambo): Wraith. Refers specifically to
the ghosts and ancestors of one's own people.

Tnina (pl. Anina): The abambo, Sinkinda, and other
spirit forms of Aftica's dead

Ivory Queen: Ruler of the Dark Kingdom of Ivory. A
figurehead for relating to other lands

Lost Kingdoms: The many individual lands found
within the depths of the Ocean; somewhat similar to Sty
and the Far Shores.

Mla Watu: The ghost-eaters; kingdoms of wraiths who
try ton thei victims strengths by devouring their Compuses.

‘Oba: One of the rulers of the Yoruban people of Ni-
geria in the medieval period. They claimed descent from
the Pharaohs of Egypt.

Ocean: The realm of pure chaos that surrounds the
Lost Kingdoms and borders on the Shadowlands; suppos-
edly the Creator formed all of reality from the Ocean,
Analogous to the Tempest.

Old Gods: The mythical original rulers and denizens
of both the Dark Kingdom of Ivory and Africa. One of
their number allegedly ereated the world, and eventually
animals, plants and humans.

Orisa: A ruler of one of the Lost Kingdoms. In me-
dieval times, they were worshipped as gods by the Yoruba.
Many were once Pharaohs, priests or other powerful mem-
bers of the ruling class of Egypr.

Sinkinda: Twisted, malevolent spirits; the African
equivalent of Spectres.


Les invisible
Wraiths of the Caribbean

By jeff Combos

§) 0 sce him striding along the profil ofa hill
on a windy day, with his clothes bagging
and fluttering about him, one might have
‘mistaken him for the genius of famine de-
scending upon the earth, or some scare-
crow eloped from a comfield.

— Washington Irving, "The Legend of
Sleepy Hollow"

Creole wraiths have formed a unique culture among
the inhabitants of the Underworld. Their domain encom-
pases the entire Caribbean and parts of three continents.
Indeed, the word "Creole" means anything unique to the
Caribbean, Despite the large amount of arca that Creole
wraiths control, other denizens of the Underworld know
very little about them. The lack of intelligence on these
enigmatic wraiths stems mainly from the lack of contact
with them. Both the Shadowlands and the Tempest are
chaotic und extremely dangerous in the vieinity of the Car
ibbean. Maelstroms ravage the area and Spectres exist in
large concentrations. These dangers usually discourage
Seygian and other wraiths from exploring the area. The
Creole weniths, on the other hand, have adapted to the
harsh environment of their lands and truly feel ar home
only there. Even when contact is made with a Creole wraith,
Stygians often mistake the Creole for a subject of the Dark
Kingdom of Ivory. Yer, not even the Ivory wraiths them-
selves are aware of the complex society that has evolved by
wraiths of Africa's descendants in the Caribbean.

Bells

Reach in the darkness

Axreach in the dark

To overcome an obstacle or an enemy

To glide away from the razor or a knife

To overcome an obstacle or

Todominate the impossible im your life
Paul Simon, "Rhythm of the Saints"

Creole wraiths refer to reality as the Cosmic Mirror.
There are two sides, the Visible and the Invisible. The
it the Visible, while the Invisible is the realm

of the dead. Since the Cosmic Mirror is a whole made up
of both sides, the Visible and the Invisible are inseparably
bound to each other. An action that affects one side ean
impact upon the other. Therefore, a being from
one side of the Cosmic Mirror can interact with the other

side, and such interactions are commonplace to the re
dents of the Visi

le and the Invisible.

Those who inhabit the Cosmic Mirror are referred to
as Les Invisibles and Les Chevaux. The wraiths of the
Caribbean name themselves Les Invisibles, while the li
ing call themselves Les Chevaux, of the Horses. Les
Chevaux refer to th
cial way Les Invisibles skinride.
is not an invasion into the bodies of the living. Instead,
Les Chevaux see possession as being mounted, as a horse
would be mounted by a rider. They understand that the

elves as horses because of the spe

kinriding, or possession,

rider is responsible for the actions of the horse during this

time, and no punishment will befall the mount. The Cre-
ole mortals welcome their role as Les Chevaux, as it is a
" nd willingly submit them
selves to the Puppetry of Les Invisibles. Almost all Creole
wraiths learn Puppetry, often as their strongest Arcanos.

Thanks to the special An ath
is nor a permanent separation from the living. When

at honor to be mounted,

nos of Les Invisibles

person dies, their soul, called the gros-bon-ange, moves on
» the Invisible. If the person was important or had
unique knowledge and skills che family attemprs to keep

contact with the gros-bon-ange. The family does this by
contracting a priest, called a houngan, to perform the cer
emony retizer d'en bus de l'eau, which literally means "to
reclaim the sul from the warers of the Abyss." The houngan
I chat has been in

ated into the ways of

Les Invisibles,

ic to interact with them.
1 fetters the gros-bon-

J uses hedge mi
The ceremony retirerd'en bas de !
ange to an earthenware pot, called a govi. The gout is then
entrusted to the livi ves, who use it to interact with
the departed. The family believes that the gros-bon-ange
inhabits the govi, and in fact, Les Invisibles who are skilled
in Inhabit sometimes do. Families dutifully care for their

ovis, and may even speak to them

When a family wants to make a direct request of the
g70s-bon-ange, they take the govi back to the hou
uses it to summon the fettered spirit. The family makes.

offerings of food, items and even animals through clabo-
rate ceremonies, which if performed properly, will benefit
the gros-bon-ange. The items in the ceremony are ritually
destroyed to move them into the Invisible as relics. Les
Invisibles use two Arcanos to benefit from these rituals:
Usury and Puppetry. Les Invisibles utili
Pathos from the animal sacrifices. Pupt
Pathos by mounting Les Chevaux and consuming the food.
In retum for this filial devotion, Les Invisibles share knowl-
edge with their families, and protect them in times of need.

The Dark Kingdoms 105


There is one aspect of unlife that the family cannot
assist the gros-bon-ange with. Immediately after death, the
person's ti-bon-ange, or "conscience," separates from the
gros-bon-ange. In life, itis the ti-bon-ange that makes virtue
and honesty desirable to a person. It suppresses the dark
side of the gros-bon-ange, while nourishing the lighter side.
Just as the Cosmic Mirror has two parts, yet is considered a
whole, the gros-bon-ange is made up of both a light and a
dark side, and is one entity. Although the ti-bon-ange ex-
ents its influence in varying degrees, it is an integral part of
every person. Of course, not everyone chooses actions that
are considered good and honorable. It is the gros-bon-ange
that determines the actions of the individual, not the #i-
bon-ange. In death, the gros-bon-ange loses the moral direc-
tion provided by the ti-bon-ange, and thus Les Invisibles
are more influenced by their darker sides than they were in
life. A few Creole wraiths manage to retain a part of their
ti-bon-ange, and their rating of Eidolon reflects this.

The conflict with the Shadow is the direct result of
the loss of the ti-bon-ange. To Les Invisibles, however, the
‘Shadow is not considered a separate entity, but a vital part
of the self, Therefore, the Creole wraiths do not seek to
eliminate the Shadow, for to destroy it would be to de-
stroy a part of oneself. Some of Les Invisibles become ob-
sessed with the liberated dark side, and seek to make it
stronger. This obsession only accelerates their descent into
Oblivion. Bur for the most part, Creole wraiths do not
desire to destroy any part of themselves, nor to have one
part become dominant over another. Above all, Les
Invisibles seek to remain stable in their turbulent and pre-
carious existence. To them, what Stygians refer to as Tran-
scendence is as much of a loss of identity as Oblivion.

‘Those wraiths who are mastered by their darker side
are called Baka. They are dangerous and powerful, but
strangely enough, are not hunted and destroyed. Les
Invisibles defend themselves from the Baka with a strange
Arcanos called Connaissance, which is also used to ma-
nipulate the twisted s

history

Sometimes I ery, ery

‘And my erying never hurts enough, ‘course not

Tama slave

— Lucky Dube, "Slave"

Compared to Stygian weaiths, Les Invisibles have ex-
isted for only a shore time. Their roots go back three hun-
ded years to West Africa, where ancestor worship was wide-
spread. The living descendants of a wraith offered sacri-
fices to her, and in return for the Pathos generated by the
ceremonies, the wraith was expected to perform certain
duties. The most important of these duties was to redirect

106 ‘Wraith Players Guide

the hand of fate. Fate dictated a person's life, bur it was not
considered immutable; if a person did not like whac fare
had decreed for him, he would make sacrifices to his ances-
torsand request that they intervene. Although Les Invisibles
usually have no direct power over fate, they are able to per-
ceive its strands, and those few Creole wraiths skilled at
Fatalism are granted great respect. Therefore, Creole wraiths
feel that they have an important duty to fulfill. Indeed, they
are the only beings capable of untangling the strands of
fate. Without the aid of the dead, the living are defenseless
against the supernatural powers of the world.

Unfortunately, it was the mundane threat to the liv-
ing that proved greatest. During the late seventeenth ci
tury, slavers carried away huge numbers of people to the
New World. Many wraiths, unwilling to be separated from
their descendants, followed on the ships and even in the
bodies of the new slaves. The majority of the slaves brought
from West Africa were delivered to plantations in the West
Indies, and their family wraiths along with them,

‘The Shadowlands of the Caribbean, called the
Mirrorlands, were chaotic and dangerous. Maelstroms fre-
quently ravaged the area, and malevolent dark spirits
swarmed in great numbers. The former African wraiths
were barely able to adapt to the dangerous environment.
Maelstroms destroyed many wraiths, and the superior num-
bers of the native Baka overwhelmed the survivors. Only
those wraiths with the Arcanos that allowed them co seek
shelter in the Visible were able to survive.

Despite the obvious dangers of the Caribbean, the
African wraiths were unwilling to abandon their descen-
dants, and were determined to make their home in the
new land. The survivors of the Maelstroms soon discov-
ceed that the storms appeared seasonally. During the ¢
season, the Tempest, referred to as the Abyss by the Cre-
ole wraiths, was traversable. Creole wraith travelers still
had to deal with the Baka, and many of them were con-
sumed by these dark spirits. Although the Maelstroms could
be avoided by Les Invisibles, the Baka proved to be a con-
stant danger. Baka even assaulted the Mirrorlands through.
Nihils, called Founts, which were and still are numerous.

Les Invisibles realized that in order to survive, they
needed to stop the Baka from entering the Mirrorlands
Unfortunately, Founts were too numerous to be guarded in-
dividually. The Creole wraiths decided that the Baka had to
be stopped at the source. Les Invisibles organized hunting
parties to search for the source ofthe evil spirits. Each group
‘of hunters entered the Abyss and departed in a separate di-
rection. Many of the hunting parties were never seen again,
and were presumed to have been destroyed. (However, ru
mors still persist of Gaunts wandering the Abyss, claiming
to seek its dark heart...) Other hunters encountered one
another and joined forces. The closer the hunters traveled
to the heart of the Abyss, the more hunting parties they en-


in the Baka would not go near. Les li

that the only hunters to survive the journey were tho

the group tha ly reached the Island Below the Sea.
‘What the hunters found on the Island Below the

irrevocably cha

wed their society. Residing upon the Is
thomable power, called Les
ities offered the hunters shelter. The

land were bei
Mystéres. Thes
hunters accepted,

nd spent.a long time on the Isla
Mystéres proved to have vast amounts of knowled
they off
the Baka. In return, they asked the hunters to invite other
waaiths to make the journey co the Island. Les Mysté
were unable to exist in the Mirrorlands, but wished to share
their wisdom with Les Invisibles. However, Les Mysté

the Creole huntei

would only share their power with those wraiths who
pled

to serve them. For most of the Creole hunters,
their existence with Les Mystéres
Myatére. Some of the hunters, however, did not trust the
mysterious beings. Creole wraiths

igious experi-

ind they even swore themselves to an individual

high value on
wraiths felt that sacrif
Aystére was too high a price
However, the wr

their sense of self, and th

their freedom to
know

hs that did swear ther
toa Mystére learned 2 secret that proved to be h
fal The hunters could now return home to the Mirror
as their new Arcanos, called Connaissance, would

Les Invisibles to protect their homes from the B

The Creole hunters returned, but were shocked to find
that they were unable to enter the Mirrorlands. Dui
the journey, the hunters had become unfettered to t
Visible. The living families of the

ole wraiths had bei

separated and forced to convert to the religion of their
masters. Only Les Invisibles left behind wer

letom
in the Mirrorlands. The h
id their mortal families hi
p on them. The li ad all but
forgotten their ancestry

in their Fetters and rema

been forced to give

The unfettered wraiths were desperate to find shelter.
Mfthey wer ht in the Abyss without shelter during
Maelstrom, they would be destroyed! But the search seemed
fruitless. The hunters who had pledged themselves to Les
Mystéres turned back to the Island Below the Se:
fectered wraiths hurriedly worked to rescue yof the
older wraiths as possible. They created retirer d'en bas de

Fea, a cet cer wraiths to the li

ovis as iths wer a
jot all the wraiths could be

m of the season engulfed them.

Mirorlands. Unfortunately,


in, the surviving wraiths turned their hard pressed to control the slaves, who were reveling in their
heritage. The young wr

discontent in to the

tion to the living. The journey had we: hs continued to stir the living'

they needed strength. Few of the living remembe

sh point, and heyond. The Creole
ceremonies — but those that did were calling for their mortals eventually rose up to claim their freedom and cre-

to free their ated Haiti, the frst free black republic in the New World,
ly bes
Possession be~ the frst servant of Les Mystéres, calling herse
ole wraiths used sd from the d Below the Sea. She encou
wh the wraiths

ancestors to change the fate of the li

descendants from slavery. Les Invisibles caret Ie wasn't until many years after the birth of Haiti that

rebuild their relationship with the liv

came a common occurrence, and the

iged other

it to teach the old ceremonies to Les Chevaux. .0 journey back with her, telling them stories of

living and Les Invisibles drew strength from the

newed the Island and the gifts that awaited them. A few of the

relationship, and the seeds of rebellion were planted. hunters who h nade that first journey still survived, and
they had kepe theit suspicions of Les Mystéres. They spoke
I

guide them. The young wraiths had been only the very brave and very foolhardy followed her into
the Abyss. But when they eturned, laden with strange items

Most of the Creole wraiths ar this time were youn;

and many wraiths listened. As a res

still strongly fertered to the Visible, and only a few older against the

wraiths remained t

slaves during their lives, and were now tasting
hefully theirs. Any
Pathos of these wraiths, and they desired for the living to journey as well. Most of Les Invisibles became convinced
young wraiths began to possess Les that Les Mystéres exist to serve and be served, just like Les

ole wraiths feel this way

and heritage that were and sharing new knowledge, other wraiths attempted the

Chevaux and incite revolt. Sometimes, a wraith would Chevaux. However, not all Cr

mortal and run her into the hills. This practice was and there are still

mount few wraiths who refuse to have any

40 common that slave overseers referred to it as marronage. contact with the Loa or Les Mystéres. Despite the small

The mortals subjected to marronage were reintroduced to resistance movement, the Island Below the Sea, populated
encouraged to share by Loa, Les Mystéres and even stranger beings, is now the

yghold of Les Invisibles. Journeys to and from the Is

the old traditions by Les Invisibl

their knowledge. As. result, slave revolt became more and str

J} more frequent in the Visible. The mortal oppressors were land are common throughout the calm season of the Abys

‘Wraith Players Guide

SoA


But be abound in mystery for that so much you do to me
For there are those who drown in adulation,
Welcome to this world

Primus, "Welcome to this World"
‘ole society is a rich and complex tapestry. Les
ibles have many different beliefs, and each belief has
itsown supporters. Just asa weaith may hold many beliefs,
she may also be a member of multiple factions, and mem-
ions may belong to the same family.
Creole wraiths fettered to the same mortals form
Nanchon. Despite the different beliefs held by members
‘of a Nanchon, they share the same goal — to serve the
living fa

Les Invisibles and Les Ch fe bound to each
caher in a symbiotic relationship. In life, a gros-bon-ange
may have been a
tionship does not weaken in death. Les Chevaux care for
their deceased relatives by making offerings that generate
Pathos. In return for the Pathos, the members of the
Nanchon grant the family's requests. Sometimes, Les
Invisibles require more than just Pathos from Les Chevaux,
and ask favors of the family. Creole mortals are quick to
aid a member of their Nanchon, for Les Chevaux know
that Les Invisibles are not without enemies of their own

However, not all Les Invisibles agree upon how to best
serve Les Chevaux, and so two major factions have dev
oped. This division in belief dates back to the lare 1700's,
when Les Invisibles were in the process of rebuilding their
bond with Les Chevaux. The young Creole wraiths, who
had been slaves in life, were filled with rage. They had
suffered all theie lives, and eheie loved ones suffered still
The young wraiths wanted to take direct action. The older
Invisibles counseled for a more peaceful app but the
argument polarized Les Invisibles.

The argument for nonviolent intervention was led by
an Creole wraith ae la. Rada presented his peace-
{alphilosophy, including. his suspicion of Les Mystétes. Les
Invisibles that followed Rada wanted to help the slaves,
burt in the from of support, rather than direct interven-
tion, They wanted to empower Les Chevaux, until che

ortals were strong enough to cast the yoke from their
own shoulders. Rada wanted to protect and spy for the
leaders of the slaves, maintaining the ional role of
Las Invisibles

The younger Invisibles we
shave who

led by Petro,
as put to death for inciting revolt.
to accomplish in death what she could noe in life. Petro's
followers wanted to use their supernatural powers to strike
atthe mortal oppressors. D loss of many of

former
he burned

etothe

the older wraiths, the Petro faction far outnumbered the
Rada faction, and despite persuasive speeches by Rada, the
Petro faction became popular among Les Invisibles. When
the revolt that created Haiti came, it was Petro and her
army of followers that were credited

Although the Rada faction of today is no lon;
prised exclusively of older wraiths, it is still
smaller than the Petro faction. They stil believe in peaceful
resolutions to problems on both sides of the Cosmic Mir-
ror. Les Chevaux will contact Rada wraiths for guidance
and healing. The Petro faction, on the other hand, still
draws in most of the younger wraiths. The)
and fierce in combat. Petro wraiths offer protection and
strength to Les Chevaux. Although both Rada and Petro,
factions are radically different, they respect and admin
each other's strengths.

aggressive

ver the Rada or Petro
Mystére. Les
e only in
emselves to a

In addition to membership in
faction, some of Les I

isibles also follow
Mystéres are beings of immense power and r
the Abyss. Les Invisibles who swea
Mystére are called Loa. They become the eyes and ears of
Les Mystéres in the Mirrorlands. Only a wraith that has a
true desire to serve will chose to become a Loa, and he
pects of the personality of the Mystére
Invisibles desire aid or information from
. they contact a Loa. The Loa even mount
Chevaux to interact with the Visible. Since Les Mystéres
their residence in the Abyss, the Loa are very
tol need to make
the dangerous jo nicate.

Cosmology

For the Haitian, the metaphysical world of Les Invisibles
is not a vague, mystical notion; itis a world within a cosmic
mirror, peopled by the immortal reflections of all those who
have ever confronted it

— Maya Deren, "Divine Horsemen"
Creole wraiths travel on both sides of the Cosmic Mir-
nd very familiar to the wr

ney in order to comm

the other hand, is dan,
full of mystery. The $
rates the Visible from the Invisible. The Invis
up of two parts, the Mirrorlands and the Abyss. The
Mirrorlands lie close to the Surface of the Cosmic Mirror
and are a shadowy reflection of the Visible — proof that
the Visible and Invisible are bound together. The Visible
and the Invisible interact through the Surface of the Cos:
mic Mirror. Objects may only move from one side to the
other by passing through the Surface. As such, Les
Invisibles breach the Surface when they mount Les
Chevaux.

‘The Dark Kingdoms 109 3g

Noralll areas of the Surface are as hard to pass through
as others. Les Invisibles have sought out areas where the
Surface is thinner. A Nanchon will

lly share one such
area, defending it from Baka and other Nanchons. In the
Visible, a houngan will build a temple, called a Hounfor, at
the same spot. In the Invisible, Creole wraiths will live
a Hounfor, using it as a communal Haunt.
When a family wishes contact with a the gros-bon-ange,
they bring her govi to the houngan. The houngan performs
all ceremonies to the Nanchon in the Hounfor. Interac
Cosmic Mirror is thus eas

tion between both sides of the
ily

scomplished,
are areas in the Mirrorlands where the

ss
fe very common in

Just as the

where the

ner, there are also
led Founts. Founts

ss lies so close by. I is from

Surface is th
leaks through,
the Mirrorlands,
the Founts that Ba

nnter the Mirrorlands. Nanchons will

therefore try to control a Fount, and the Baka that come
through it. A powerful Nanchon will control not only a
‘communal Hounfor, but a Fount as well.

‘The Abyss is a frighteni
Baka exist in large numbe
beasts have been sighted. The Abyss has a M:
son, just as the Visible has a hurricane season. During this
me, Maelstroms of various sizes tear forth a

place for Les Invisibles.

Iserom s

110

Wraith Players Guide

Mirrorlands. Most Creole wraiths prefer to seek the shel:
ter of their Hounfor until the storm is over, and then
emerge to clear out the Baka left behind. Les Invisibles
know that being caught in the Abyss is a quick way to
Oblivion.

Despite their fear of the Abyss, Les Invisibles do use
it for travel. The Mirrorland: le up of islands and
parts of land on different continents. The Abyss is the

neces

easiest, but not the safest way to transverse the dist
berween them. Travel through the Abyss is only attempted
during the calm season. During the Maelstrom season, Les
Invisibles will use their living family as transportation,
skinriding them to their destination. If none of Les
Chevaux are available, Creole wraiths have been known
toh

thhike on unsuspecting mortals

The Island Below the Sea is the only place regularly
traveled to when the Abyss is calm. The promise of en-
lightenment and wealth tempts most Invisibles to brave
the journey at least once in their unli
difficule and dangerous to reach. There a

Another difficulty is the Island's proximity to the black
heart of the Abyss. This makes it the focus of tremendous

Baka activity. Les Invisibles attempting to reach the Is


land are harried by Baka, and have to fight their way to
the shore. But once travellers have set foot on the Island,
they are safe. The rewards Les Invisibles receive upon
reaching the Island make the journey well worth it.
Creole wraiths journey to the Island Below the Sea
oma variety of quests. The most common reason to seek
the Island is to speak with Les Mystéres. Ocher wraiths
desire to trade for the unique items manufactured there.
Les Invisibles returning to the Mirrorlands from the Is-
land may carry knowledge, power or Artifacts. Loa that
have frequently made the journey will hire themselves out

as guides and bodyguards for those that can pay.

Glossary of Creole Terms

Abyss: The dark and chaotic expanse in the Invis
ible; the Tempest.

Baka: Wraiths dominated by their darker side;

Connaissance: The Arcanos used by Creole wraiths

| to manipulate Baka,

des.

Cosmic Mirror: The Creole term forall of reality.
Creole: Term used to designate anything native to
the Caribbean, especially Haiti
Founts: Areas of the Mirrorlands where the Abyss
has seeped through; Nihils.
Govi: An earthen pot used as a Fetter by Creole
see retirer den bas de l'eau.
Gros-bon-ange: The closest Creole approximation to
or Psyche.
Hounfor: A communal Haunt shared by a Nanchon;
place where a houngan performs ceremonies toa Nanchon.
Houngan: A Creole mortal go-berween for Les
Chevaux and Les Invisibles; a practitioner of hedge magic.
Invisible: The half of the Cosmic Mirror inhabited
by Les Invisibles; the Underworld

aw

Island Below the Sea: The location in the Abyss
where Les Mystéres dwell.

‘Les Chevaux: The Horses; the term used by Creole
mortals to deseribe themselves.

Les Invisibles: The term Creole wraiths use to de-
scribe themselves.

Les Mystéres: Beings of great power that reside upon
the Island Below the Sea; see Loa.

Loa: Les Invisibles that have devoted their unlives to
the service of a Mystére.

Mirrorlands: Shadowy reflection of the Visible; the
Shadowlands.

Marronage: A term once used by slave overseers to
describe a possessed mortal running wild and escaping; now
occasionally used for a particularly flamboyant use of Pup-
petty.

Morts: Term used by Les Invisibles to describe non-
Creole wraiths

Mount: The Creole term for possession.

Nanchon: A group of Creole wraiths bound to the
same family; Circle.

Petro: The aggressive faction of Les Invisibles who
believe in direct interaction with Les Chevaux.

The passive faction of Les Invisibles who be-
jirect interaction with Les Chevaux.

er d'en bas de eau: "Reclaiming the soul from
the warers ofthe Abyss"; ceremony performed by a houngan
that fetters a Creole wraith to a govi.

Surface: The mystical division of the Visible and tl
Invisible; the Shroud.

‘Ti-bon-ange: The "conscience" of a person that sepa:
rates from the gros-bon-ange immediately after death.

Visible: The half of the Cosmic Mirror populated by
the living; the Skinlands.


Cty of Delights
The Underworld of inca

by Allen Tower

cor Aught nor Nought existed; yon bright sky
Was not, nor heaven's broad room out-
stretched above.

B| concealed?
Was it the water's fathomless abyss?
There was not death — yet there was
nought immortal,
"There was no confine betwixt day and night;
The only One breathed breathless by itself
(Other than It nothing since has been.
—"The Hyman of Prajapati," Rig Veda
India's dead enjoy a status very different from that of
the dead of Stygia and the West. For many of the inhabit-
ants of the Indian subcontinent, ghosts, goblins, and ma-
levolent extra-planar creatures are a part of everyday life
because they believe. Ghosts are credited with count-
less daily occurrences, from illness to broken crockery.
Every village has atleast one sorcerer, a mortal who claims
to be able to interact with the spirit world. The sorcerers
summon spirits to settle civil suits, haunt enemies, and
induce love. Dead ancestors depend on their successors
for their spiritual well-being, and sometimes answer que-
ries about daily events.

qhe Wheel of life and Death

Within the spiritual framework of the Indian subcon-
tinent, all corporeal beings are composed of three part.
There is the immutable soul; the Sthula Sarira, or physi-
cal body; and the Sukshma Sarira, or subtle body (Cor
pus). Ie is the Sthula Sarira which ties the living to the
world as we know it. At the point of death, the soul isstill
attached to the useless Sthula Sarira. The Sukshma Sarira
must be "constructed" by a ten-day burial ceremony. On
each respective day of the c¢ he soul develops a
head, a neck, a heart, a spine, a navel, genitals, thighs,
knees, ankles, and feet. This ceremony is believed ro be
vital to the soul of the dead person; an incomplete or
proper ceremony could result in even a virtuous mortal
becoming an "evil" or "deformed" wraith. Pious families


ue to pray for and make offerings to their de
ceased after the burial ceremony, strengthening their kin
in the afterlife.

Just as the body is composed of separate parts, the soul
is similarly divided into Gunas, or attributes. There
y Gunas, but they can be broken down into three
classes. There is Satva, which relates to refinement. For
western wraiths, Satva readily translates to Psyche and
Eidolon, Tamas represents coarseness, certainly an aspect
of the Shadow and Angst. Finally, Rajas represents the
tributes, corresponding to the Passions and Pa-

active a
thos.

Transmigration of souls is a central concept of Indian,

and it colors an Indian wraith's view of both
Oblivion and Transcendence. All souls are bound toa cycle

cosmolog

ofdeath and rebirth, even gods and demons. Someone who
has led a good life may be incarnated as a deity, and an
‘erring deity asa human or demon. The ultimate goal is to
break free from this cycle, and achieve unity with Atman,
the unchanging and eternal world. Many Indian wraiths
claim that this unity is Transcendence. Others claim that
Transcendence is merely the pathway to the next ine:
nation, one step higher on the spiritual ladder. Similarly,
Oblivion is not as feared as itis in Stygia. The soul is im.
mutable. Oblivion is seen as a step back on the celestial

ladder, the penalty of a less favorable next incarnation.
notthe end of the psyche, Eventually, most Indian wraiths
believe, a soul who has fallen to Oblivion can live vier

‘ously in its next incarnation, and have another chance to
Transcend after death,

he lord of the d
ast majority are ju

All souls must be judged by ¥
assigned. The

before they are
immediately, and move on through the cycle of rebirth.
Nevertheless, Yama finds that some souls have unresolved
issues; these are the wraiths. They are relegated to Bhuv:

the loka of the dead, to resolve these issues before they can
move on, upy

Spiritual Geography

Traditionally, the

ids or downwards.

rerse is divided into many lev-
ls and worlds, only some of which describe the lands of
the dead. Of the seven upper worlds, or lokas, the first is
Bhur. This is the loka of the living, the world that most
people perceive to be reality. Immediately above Bhur is
Bhuvar, the loka of ghosts. After death, those souls who
have not moved on in the cycle of rebirth find themselves
inthe $

hadowlands, or Bhuvar.

Bhuvar is practically identical to the Shadowlan
allof the same rules apply. However, the shift on emphasis.
is important. Bhuvar is seen as a temporary stop where

one works off the karmic debt accrued in life. Yama is ex-

The judges

The task of the jud

heforward. Much like the Styg

their Cauls, and find a pk

the society of Bhuvar, However
animal to the greatest be
th goodne
s who aim to fulfill their task

their position for

stra

for them in
very soul,

and coarseness.

ain. However, even the

Chains and manacles, so familiar in

Stygia and the Shadowlands it controls, are

not nearly so ubiquitous in Bhuvar. Faith,

tradition, and simple ignorance of their new
existence prove very persuasive to Enfants,
and most accede to the ju The
judges take wraiths to the nearest Swar en-
aly modeled after the realm it
elf, and put them to work in whatever ca
pacity deemed necessary. Some wraiths are

nt immediately to the palaces, ostensibly
to their reward.

s! wishes

clave, re

that they are never seen again, and occa
sional screams from within the compounds

pected to judge every soul; most assume that those who
haven't become wraiths have been judged and:
way. But those who find themselves in Bhuy
evaluated by Yama's servitors, the judges.

Those expecting the promised land of Swat are in for
a disappointment when they realize Bhuvar is their home,
at least for a little while. There are no palaces, no gardens,
and very litle joy. The nucleus of a Citadel could just as,
easily be an overgrown field as a temple or elegant home.
The mark of decay touches everything. The promise of
‘Swar is compelling in this environment, and many wraiths
work to break themselves free of Bhur. To move on, they
must secure an end to their Fetters, either through resolu-
tion of, as in many cases, destruction. The spiritually mo:
tivated encourage wraiths to resolve their Fetters, while
those driven by greed and power-lust advocate the whole-
refutation and destruction of Fetters, so that Si
receive these souls on their behalf.

The Dark Kingdoms

nton their
ir must be


Nor all wraiths accept the myth of Swar as itis pre-
sented, however. Some wish to partake of the legendary
pleasures and treasures, but not on their knees. They want
toenjoy all the City of Delights has to offer now, and refuse
to suffer a second life of servitude for the promise of re-
ward. Taking the name of Nagas, mythical half-serpent
beasts who war on the gods for their wealth, these wraiths
attempt to breach the walls of the City by force and guile.
"The Nagas have tried direct assaults in the past, but all
¢ based out of realms named talas, af-
ter the lower worlds; their default staging area is the realm
Rumors abound of palaces and cities thar the Nagas
have built from the relics of ruins. There is even talk of
rdens existing in Naga strongholds, though noth-
‘or lush as the gardens of the City of De-
lights. Most recently, the Nagas have tured their atten-
tions to Bhuvar, where the rewards are lesser, but so are
the risks

Another group of wraiths opposes the Host of Swar
for a different reason. Rumors hint that the abundance of
the City of Delights is fed at great price. None know what
the price is; but it to be everything from the loss of
a beneficial incarnation to a tithe of accumulated karma.
The Asuras oppose this spiritual extortion from a variety
of motives, ranging from piety to a love of honor and jus-
tice. Taking their name from a race of beings that tradi-
tionally opposed the gods of Swar, they attempt to dis-
cover the truth behind the City, and save wraiths from
whatever fate awaits them within its walls. Like the Nagas,
have claimed lesser realms for their own. None of
equal to Swar, and the Asuras war with the
Nagas as often as they ally with them against the City of
Delights armies.

A Stygian visitor might be started at the lack of "Her-
erties" in any of the Indian lands. There is no orthodox
belief concerning the path a soul rakes to rebirth. Even
the rulers of content that those who seek the
City of Delights will come of their own accord. It is said
that all paths, whether long or short, lead to enlighten
ment. Here, persecution due to belief is much more un-
‘common than persecution due to action.

The Pisachas are a greater threat to wraiths of al af-
filiations. Traditionally, Pisachas were aggressive, deformed
ghosts of evil men notorious for foul deeds. These mali-
cious spirits take horrid, fearsome formsand try toactively
bring harm to any beings they encounter. They bear more
than a passing resemblance to the Shades of Stygian lands,
though there is perhaps more uniformity in their hideous
appearance. Thanks to the Pisachas, solitary travel is dan-
gerous even in Bhuvar, and unheard of through the Sea of
Shiva, assumed to be their home. Pisachas fight without
udice. Their assaults on Citadels are perhaps

mercy oF pr

114

Wealth Players Guide

the only time many wraiths see Asuras, Nagas, and the
Host of Swar battling a common enemy.

Perhaps even more dangerous than the Pisachas are
the Bhuta. Generally indistinguishable from other wraiths,
the Bhuta are nonetheless completely malicious. Accord-
ing to tradition, a Bhuta isa wraith who suffered a violent
death and received no funeral rites; its malevolence is due
tocircumstance rather than an inherently evil nature. The
actual origins of Bhuta are unknown. Some believe the
traditional explanation; others claim they represent an-
other class of evil beings. No matter their origin, Bhuta
are crafty, subtle, and dangerous. Disdaining the mindless
violence of the Pisachas, Bhuta utilize a cunning and evil
intelligence. They carefully blend in with wraith society,
causing as much suffering as possible. Bhuta are also con-
venient scapegoats for wharever might jx
an ambitious wraith has accused a rival of being a Bhuta,
The fate of such an accused wraith isseldom pleasant; even
if she escapes death at the hands of the judges, the process
of interrogation is arduous. But ifevidence off
tion surfaces, the judges prove even less compassionate
with the accuser than they were with the accused.

Surrounding Bhuvar on all sides, and separating it from
the other lokas is a roiling, malevolent blackness inhab:
ited by the worst monsters of legend. This is the Sea of
Shiva, familiar to any wraith who has experienced the
‘Tempest. Pisachas and Bhuta are numerous here, and care-
ful travellers never stop to aid or converse with any other
wraiths, no matter what their appearance. Bhuta have a
long tradition of using the Thuggee trick, attaching them-
selves to a group of wraiths in the darkness and leading
them to ambush. As in Stygia, wraiths use Argos to navie
gate the Sea. However, Indian wraiths view the Arcanos
less as a skill than as the result of purification. Tradition-
ally it was the makeup of the Sukshma Sarita that either
enabled or prevented a being from traveling between the
lokas. The more refined the Sarira, the more easily one
traveled the Sea.

‘Swar is the loka of heaven, where wraiths who have
led good lives are to be rewarded before they are reborn.
Unfortunately, this is not the true Swar, though those who
rule it maintain otherwise. According to tradition, Swar
is ruled by the god Indra, and contains palaces and gar
dens filled with every delight imaginable. The reality of
the realm of Swar is very different.

The promised palaces and gardens of delight exist, but
they are not open to everyone. They form a walled city,
the City of Delights, and are reserved for those who have
"proved" themselves to the Heavenly Regent, He Who
Serves Indra. The Regent, his entourage, and his servants
dwell behind the walls, as do those who have done him
great service. Everyone else lives in the vast sprawl sur


rounding the City. The terrain mimics that of India, with
rolling plains, hills and faraway mountains. The River of
Heaven runs through the Sea of Shiva, providing safe pas-
sage to those who know the way.

The City of Delights

Within its walls, the City of Delights erly lives up to
itsname. Wid ad to myriad palaces and temples, be
and gardens abound. Music permeates the air. Beautiful
dancers called Apsaras fill many courtyards, accompanied
by Gandharvas, the most talented singers. Obviously,
Keening and Phantasm are highly valued art forms within
the city walls. All who dwell within are Moliated into forms
ofg vd awe; Apsaras and Gandharvas are the
most beautiful men and wome ble. He Who
takes the form of an at , well-muscled
man with a full beard and sensuous lips; he is the very
¢ of Indra. The wraiths of his throng are beautif
andoften take on aspects of form that suggest divinity and
grace: blue skin, a third eye, and assorted marks and sigils
on their bodies.

Serves Ind

The true treasures of the City of Delights are the gar
dens. Trees and flowering plants appear to grow and pros-
per. The water of the streams is clear and cool: the fruit of
d delicious. Soma, an intoxicating bev

‘rage, is readily available at the numerous pavilions. Ex-
cept for those permitted to dwell within the walls, food
smory from Bhur. A singular fruit is
ind highly covered. Music and sing.

the trees, edibl

king pleasing conversation. A wraith can in:
dulge all the pleasures of all the senses, and the citizens do
just thar. In a realm forever tainted by death and dé
the gardens stand out as a beacon of life and comfort,
serve to validate the Holy Regent and the society of Swar.

Outside the City Walls

Life outside the walls is difficult. Newcomers are taken
tothe house of Judgment, where they are again examined

with
lives. Th

the litany of their

of De
cognition of merit and appeals for justice are exceedingly
slow. Still, the promise of the City, ever-present before their
eyes, is a very potent incentive for wraiths to follow the
Jers outside the walls have occasionally at-
tempred to take by force what they were reluctant to earn.
the Host of Swar has crushed all attempts, and
Is are always taken away, never to be seen again.

thts. The bureaucracy is huge and

rules, The dw


The Secret of Swar

Despite the assertions to the contrary, Swar
isa realm of the dead. True life and growth are
impossible here. The plants, streams, food and
drink of Swar are real, but not as they seem.
The only things that truly exist are wraiths,
Artifacts and relics. While the sacrifice of food
and drink is not uncommon to certain rituals,
these food relies appear and are usually con-
account for the bounty that is available in the
City

The raw materials of the City of Delights
are souls. Swar has developed an entire artisan
ating from what is left. These artisans, who call

themselves Tvashtriyas after the g

sans, craft the plants from the souls of the un-
fortunate, and nourish them with the same
The water and soma are specially condensed
souls, empowered for different effects. The
ritual of dissolution and reformation of souls
requires no little skill, and the Arcanos of In-
habit, Moliate, and Usury are
Tvashtriyas are highly prized within the City,
for without them the structure of Swar would

1 tensions outside the City are high, the Holy

Regent will mounta campaign a
compelling military service from the ci
bly th s. At times, a search for Bhuta has
been an equ
the citizens become too busy €

toublem
lly effective distraction. With careful work
of evil — and questioning the divine order c
always a good indication of a Bhuta. En

from within or without, serve as a convenient method to
‘ent. The reward of entry into the City and the
fthe Hi e Holy

nt' twin tools of rulership. To date, they have b

contain di
threat of punishment atthe hand

very effective.

The Lower Worlds

Below the seven upper worlds, of which only three
hur, Bhuvar, and Swar), there

Atala,
tala, Sutala, Rasatala, Talatala, Mahatala, and Patala

d hierarchica

essible to wraiths (B

According to tradition, they are a

crumble. An unfortunate side effect of this
soulshaping is a slight moaning and/keening
that emanates from the finished products. Such
sorrowful wailing is anathema to the illusion
of peace and abundance. However, this sound
is handily countered by the everpresent song
and conversation; Gandharvas and courtiers
are instrumental in maintaining the illusion
of utopia.

The creation and maintenance of this para-
ny souls. Some of them:
ed unworthy, but the
Holy Regent wisely tries to limit this practice
1s much as possible. It is much more effective
to control the populace with the promise of
unimaginable reward than with fear. The ma-
jority of the raw souls come from the ranks of
the Nag and Pisachas. Obviously,

come from those ju

the needs of Swar influence the tactics of the
Host. Souls are far too valuable to be merely
destroyed; generals emphasize capture overan

nihilation, Many alous soldier has
served as an example to his companions by
disappearing within the walls of the City to
take the place of the soul he "wasted." Out of
necessity, the Hest of Swar mounts many cam-

Yagas and Asuras.

un ove

paigns against the }

of the
through,

from top to bottom. These talas are actually real
dead named a
the Sea o

As mentioned previously, P:
the Nagas. Th

flat plai

«the lower worlds, all equidi
hiva from any other point.
a is the stronghol
ography of Patala consists mostly of hot,
s and rocky outcroppings. Powerful Nagas have
aces from the relics of ruins, and both pe

c are often adorned with signs of wealth. The la

of all Naga strongholds is

has not visited Swar, it is uly impressive. Wealth and

Bhogavati, and to anyone who
everywhere, and the central court:
a even has a miniature garden. The gar-
nis the work o le Tvashtriya, whose defection
to the Nagas is a widely suppressed rumor in Swar. The
(Shesha, Vasuki, and Takshaka; tradi
med after the three main chieftains of the
‘Nagas in legend) mount many campaigns against Swat to

tional titles,
maintain the garden. On occasion, they have turned
inst the Asuras when the Host of Swar proved too dif-

employ their own judges as well, which


OF the remaining realms, Mahatala and Talatala are
also under the sway of the Nagas. Lesser groups war on.
one another as often as on Swar, and the feuds of yester-
day are easily put aside for a massed campaign that prom
ises mutual,

forall. Minor palaces and manors are rare
in these realms, and none are as grand as those in Patala.

The Asuras lay claim to Sutala and Rasatala. Their
conclaves are not as grand as those of either the Nagas or
‘Swar, but are rather more functional. This is not to say
that the Asuras are all ascetics, though some certainly are
For various reasons, the Asuras have chosen not to par
ticipate in the underworldy scheme as envisioned by Swar.
Some choose to await their next incarnation apart, some
feel Swaris merely a mirror of the world they left beh
and many believe that Swar exists at the expense of those
who live outside the walls of the City of Delights. Rumors
supporting the latter view are common, though few rebel
weiths, ifany, know the truth.

‘Though the motivations of the Asuras are varied, most
believe them to be opposed to Swar. This is because the
‘Asuras are the most vocal and active faction, and most

easily recognized. While many would like to mount a cam
pa ist the Host of Swar directly, most realize such
an act would be inherently futile. Instead, they wayl:
caravans and assaul lesser Citadels in Bhuvar. The gen-
eral intent of such actions isto cripple lines of transport
and disrupe things as much as possible; only those who
directly oppose the Asuras are fought

The remaining of the lower realms, Atala and Vitala,
are small and treacherous. Neither the Nagas nor the
‘Asuras lay claim to them, though both may use them as
needed. The few inhabitants of these regions are those

wraiths who, for various reasons, choose to remain apart
from others.

interaction with the Mortal World

The dead are an accepted part of everyday life in In.
dia, Sorcery, the invocation of spirits of the dead, is com
mon. Both the Brahmin caste of priests and the vil
sorcerers have systems of dealing with ghosts. These indi-
Viduals often diagnose possession as the cause for many
maladies, from a simple change in habits to real physical
illness.

Exorcism is one of the primary duties of India's hedge
ic practitioners. The systems for expelling a control-

ling ghost vary: most include coercion, invocation of higher
powers, knowledge of a rue name, and bribery. Ultimately,
however, the act of exorcism itself is one of faith. Exorc:

ing wraith using Puppetry ot Inhabit (in the case of ob-

to far-traveling wraith
Ils exist deep within the Sea of

iva. Each hell punishes specific sin, and
the incarcerated sinners seek to relieve the
evils of their previous lives by suffering at
They hope that

denizen
will insure anna
ined, that the

think they

Bhuta, who

to atonie for sins, real or image
committed in life. Others
Y claborate hoax by the
Jecfully welcome penitents to
Still others
refuse to believe the hells exist at all, and
maintain that the hells are merely rumors
spread by travellers secking fame

a life of meaningless sufferir

jects) requires a resisted roll between the True Faith of the
exorcist and the Willpower of the wraith. If the wraith
botches, he must leave that body or object, never to pos-
sess it again. Should the exorcist botch, she may never
again attempt to force the wraith to leave

form

particular

sons with similar

hs may only possess per-
unas to theirs. In fact, it

ches
Passions. Conversely tis more difficult to pos-

wraith to possess someone whose current emotion

one of

sess someone fei
any of the wraith's P:

emotion drastically different from
sions. In either case, the difficulty is
modified by one, though extreme emotional states may
raise it higher. The modi

as well — it is much more difficult to expel

from an angry host than from a loving person.

Elaborate rituals also exist for summoning wraiths and
compelling or bribing them into service. Possession of an
object associated with the wraith (a Fetter) is the surest
way to gain its attention, but there are other methods.
The ritual destruction of food and other offerings leads to
the creation of relics in Bhuvar, and many a wraith hovers
around ritual sites for just such an occasion. Similarly, ritu-
als usually cause an emotional high in the participants,
especially true believers. Wraiths with the appropriate
Passions can restore Pathos from such events.

The Dark Kingdoms 117

However, "true" sorcerers are actually mediums, and
can see the spirits their rituals summon. After securing
the wraith's attention, the sorcerer usually promises more
‘of what attracted the wraith in return for certain favors or
knowledge. Many an unwary sorcerer has rewarded a wraith
that gave meaningless answers or took credit for actions
‘completely beyond his control. A cautious sorcerer, how-
‘ever, will possess some knowledge of the dead and their
ilities (Wraith Lore), and will berter be able to judge
the ruth of their information or claims.

‘Compelling wraiths into service is much more dan-
‘gerous, for if the wraith has the power to affect Bhur, she
also has the power to affect the summoner. If the summoner
possesses a Fetter, the usual method of compelling service
is to threaten to destroy it. Many (though not all) wraiths
are understandably reluctant to suffer such a loss. A wise

sorcerer who has employed such a method usually retains
R the Fetter as a means to prevent h's retaliation,
Certain
hs (Necromancy,
Spirit Thaumaturgy), but those open to most normal hu-
mans are specific spells from the hedge magic tradition.

Glossary:

Apsaras: The female class of courtesans in the City

of Delights. They are particularly esteemed for their dane-

ing skill.
Asuras: Na

forced servitude of Swar.

Bhur: The loka of the living.

Bhuta: Indian spirits roughly equivalent to
Dopplegangers.

Bhuvar: The loka of wraiths (the Shadowlands).

Gandharvas: The male courtesan class of the City of
Delights, renowned for their musical ability.

Gunas: The attributes of the "soul".

Loka: One of the seven upper worlds in Indian cos-
mology.

Nagas: Name given to wraiths who wish to er
fruits of Swar without serving the Holy Regent.

Pisacha: Evil, malformed wraiths; Shades.

Rajast The Guna pertaining to acti
responding to the Passions and Pathos.

Satva: The Guna of refinement. It corresponds to the
Psyche and Eidolon.
‘Sea of Shiva: The Indian term for the Tempest.
Soma: An intoxicating beverage much sought after
by wraiths of Swar.
Sthula Sarira: The physical body of the living.
Sukshma Sarira: The Corpus of a wraith.
Swar: The loka of the Host of Swar (similar to Stygia).

‘Tala: Traditionally, one of the seven lower worlds. The
‘alas are the lesser realms surrounding Swar.

‘Tamas: The Guna of coarseness, corresponding to the
Shadow and Angst.

‘Tvashtriyas: An artisan class of wraiths, responsible
for maintaining the City of Delights.

Yama: The god of death who is believed to judge all
souls. The judges claim to be servants of Yama

vy the

attributes, cor


Kata: The Kine of Clay

ooking out the window

the red dust clear

High up on the ved rock

Stands the shadow with the spear.
‘Gabriel, "The Rhythm of the

know little of the Kingdom of
Shadowlands,
and of the wraiths who inhabic it, desperately clinging to
the lost days of British colonia
the Kingdom of

‘The wraiths of Stygi
have heard of Aust

ism. Almost none know of
sent in the Tempest, a
cee of the spiritual tyr
archs of Stygia.

anny typical of the Hi

Unlike the Dark Kingdoms of J
posedly-vanquished King

Ivory and the sup-
om of Obsidian, the King
is named not for a substance valued for its rarity,

but for the earth of which it isa shadow. The name of the
Kingdom of Clay reminds the aboriginal wraiths who in-
habit it of their peoples' intimate physical and spiritual
links with the

and, a connection so intimate that even 848
death cannot sever it.

Shadowlands and the

Kingdom of Clay from
doms. Few byways lead to the Kin,

om of Clay, and those

that do are treacherous and unstable. The Kingdom of Clay
(or Karta, as it is called by its wraith inhabitants) is thus
isolated from its better-known counterparts, forming a 9
unique domain quite unlike the more populous regic of
the Underworld. Even the Australian Shadowlands differ
from the Shadowlands of Europe and the U.S.

Karta's Restless Dead seek to pass on to a realm they
call the Dreamtime, which isto them both a place (a realm

similar to the Far Shores) and a state of mind (Transcen:
dence). The Dreamtime is the spiritual home of the ab
al people: their past, and the world
around them. Oblivion itself is less terrible than bein;
denied the Dreamtime, by natur
wraiths, as far as the Restless of K:

or heir preset

of their existence as

are concerned.

Cool river bed it masks the bones

(Of those who died before our time

—Not Drowning, Waving, "Terra Nullius"

Karta may well be the oldest Dark Kingdom of all. Ar
the time of the Sundering, when life and death became
separated, Karta came into existence. The first inhabitants
of Karta were two brothers, Kungaru and Kurulba. The oral
history of Karta's wraiths claims that this pair made Karta
their home more than 50,000 years ago, many centuries
before Charon founded Stygia on the shore of the Sea of
Souls. The brothers were clever ones, with an insatiable
curiosity. By the time they were men, the two had learned
everything there was to know about life. It was then that
Kungaru vowed to learn the secrets of death, having many
times observed Meeka the Moon die, only to be reborn in
the skies the next month. Their father scolded them, say-
ing that men should not know death until it was time for
them to die; this was the law. The brothers spurned their
father's advice, and left the Dreamtime in search of death's
secrets. At the end of their journey they discovered Karta,
the Kingdom of Clay. Meeka refused to tell them how to
be reborn, nor could he be tricked into revealing the se~
ret. Kungaru and Kurulba were trapped in Karta.

Kungaru was the wiser of the two brothers. Rather than

despair or become angry, he set about to learn everything
R he could about Karta. He welcomed the wraiths who came
after him in time, explaining to them the ways and laws of
the Underworld, sharing the wisdom he had gleaned over
the passing years. Kurulba, the younger brother, was crue!
‘and malicious, and worse, a cannibal. He delighted in im-
prisoning the spirits of the dead, sometimes devouring them,
and sometimes making them into slaves. Worse, he would
sometimes dissolve them into plasm, of which he fashioned
‘weapons to fight his brother. Kungaru's way was one of peace;
in this manner he came to embrace death and understand
it, Kurulba was first and foremost a warrior, and tried to con-
‘quer death. He could not. Nor was he victorious when he
tried to enslave his brother, despite his weapons.

It is Kungaru's beneficial influence that has guided
Karta's wraiths. Kungaru's primary teaching was that wraiths
must shun the living; he knew that they must forget the
pleasures and sorrows of the Skinlands if they were to Tran-
scend to the Dreamtime. Proof of Kungaru's wisdom came
when he reached the Dreamtime. Succeeding generations
of wraiths taught Kungaru's law to their successors.

Aboriginal society recognizes no supreme leader, but
consists of tribes guided by the collective wisdom of the
‘old or wise. Such leaders come and go, able participants
transferring leadership from one to another without ran-
cor, reflecting the cyclic nature of aboriginal beliefs. For

120 Wheith Players Guide

this reason, the wraiths of Karta elected no king in the
wake of Kungaru's Transcendence, but instead continued
to follow the laws they had broken or ignored in life. Break-
ingsuch laws, they believed, was what had caused them to
become wraiths in the first place, instead of returning to
the Dreamtime after death, there to be reborn.

Although Kurulba sought to wrest control of Karta fol-
lowing his brother's departure, he succeeded only in atract-
ing a handful of wraiths to his selfish cause. These renegades.
still exis coday. They still believe that having already bro-
ken the tribal laws governing such things as marriage, cus-
toms and etiquette, they have nothing to lose by continuing
to break them. Indeed, they face considerable personal gain
by exploiting and enslaving their fellow Restless. These ren-
‘egades, the Children of Kurulba, seek to elect a king to rule
over all of Karea, naturally chosen from among their own
umber. Kurulba himself has long sine succumbed to his
Shadow. The constant bickering and factional fighting among
Karta's renegades prevents them from achieving any real
power, although in recent years individuals have suggested
analliance with Stygia to help them achieve theie goal,

For many thousands of years Karta' wraiths continued
their exister largely undisturbed. All this changed a little
cover 200 years ago. In 1788, Australia was invaded by English
settlers intent on establishing a penal colony, Inthe years fo-
lowing the settlement at Sydney Cove, European settlers
moved out across the country, subjugating the lanl to their
will. Aborigines were murdered by the newcomers on a mas-
sive scale; tribe members were shot and poisoned, while ds-
cases, sometimes deliberately introduced, decimated the tribes,

The aboriginal wraiths were unwilling to remain in the
Shadowlands, where they could stil witness the depredations
of the Europeans, and worse, might be tempted to assist theit
stllliving kin. Kara's wraith population exploded. Today the
Shadowlands are abandoned to the wraiths of Europeans and
other races who have died in Austral pee 1788. Karta is
the sole domain of aboriginal wraiths, and they guard it
fiercely, Having already lost the Skinlands to the Europeans,
they will not surrender their home a second time.

The Australian Shadowlands

This is the dead land

This is cactus land

Here the stone images

Are raised, here they receive

The supplication of a dead man's hand
Under the twinkle ofa fading star."
—T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"

Although European settlement has been evident on.
the Australian continent for more than two centuries, their
civilization has made little impression upon the


Shadowlands. In Australia, the Shadowlands cling to the
past. Much of the Shadowlands are a rural nightmare of
drab and drear wilderness. Barren desert, cracked salt pans,
reat fields of sun-bleached bones, and forests of dead and.
drooping trees make up the majority of the terrain. Mael-
scroms in Australia's Shadowlands are less swirling, shriek-
ing storms of black fog, and more clouds of red, windblown
dust, the choking smoke of bushfires, and plague-propor-
tion swarms of buzzing flies. As elsewhere, their rare ap-
pearances are viewed with dread. Despite the cosmetic
differences, Maelstroms in Australia are as dangerous as
those which threaten the Shadowlands everywhere.

Settlements more than 150 years old exist in the
Shadowlands; younger towns dind suburbs do not. Those
cities which do stand in the Shadowlands look as they did
century ago. Ghost towns from the Gold Rush still stand
where in the Skinlands they have been forgotten. Build-
ings chat were torn down in the 1950's can still be seen,
while the
ace but flickering

These ghostly cities are avoided by the aboriginal
wraiths of the Kingdom of Clay. Instead, they are home
tothe wraiths of European Australians, and the others who
have followed in the years since England's invasion. Like
the cities they inhabit, the Restless cling to the past.
Australia's Shadowland cities are the last ourposts of
Britain's Empire, their wraith elders affecting the style of
the Regency and Victorian periods.
ths, certainly the older and more powerful
among them, cling to the days of English imperialism.
Wraiths of other nationalities have found themselves in
mbers only since the 1950's,
when immigration to Australia expanded to include non-
whites. Tension between circles of archaic English wraiths,
and citcles whose membership reflects modern Australia's
vatied ethnicity, is not uncommon. Many conservative el-
ements among Lemures affect their elders' fashions, but
not all. Its not unusual to see a Restless punkette in tat-
tered leathers alongside an establishment gentleman in
white wig and frock coat, side by side in the streets of
Australia's Shadowlands.

Despite the distances separating Austral
Shadowlands from Stygia, the advance forces of the Hie
archy bi aged to establish a tochold here, followed
by their enemies, the Renegades and Heretics. The
Hierarchy's power is still weak, and extends no further than,
the ghost cities. Karta, separated from Australia's
Shadowlands by the Tempest, remains free of the
Hierarchy's influence. As previously noted, some aborigi-
nal wraiths, the Children of Kurulba, are considering an
alliance with the Hierarchy in order to gain control of Karta.
Any such alliance would soon see the Hierarchy destroy
their aboriginal allies once they were no longer useful.

nd skyscrapers that now occupy their sites
ind insubstantial shadows.

Most wi

Karta island of the Dead

When the snake bites the sun,

The clan, the man, the sun,

‘Must sink cooling to its inevitable settings,

Yet, iis said, the sun will rise again.

— Albert Barunga

Karta isa desert island isolated in the immensity of the
‘Tempest. Its shores are cruel cliffs of scoria, and its cracked
plains of red earth and rock are parched by unrelenting heat
and littered with bones of the forgotten dead. No other
creatures exist in Karta' lonely immensity save the aborigi-
nal wraiths who guard their last ourpost from the wraiths of
Europe and Stygia. Here they follow the teachings of
Kungaru, in order that they may pass on to the Dreamtime.

Aborigines believe that death is only natural amongst
the very old and the very young. For millennia the only
wraiths in Karta were those of infants and elders. Since
the Europeans came, unsettling the aborigines' way of life
and creating unnatural deaths, wraiths of all ages have
found themselves in Karta when they die, instead of in
the Dreamtime. Aborigines conceive of death as an inev
table part in the cycle of life. This
wraiths believe, by their deeds whi
are trapped in Karta

Foremost among the beliefs of Karta's wraiths is the
desire to return themselves to life's cycle, and be reborn.
Toachieve this, they must escape Karta to the Dreamtime.
Kungaru taught his people that they could only achieve
this journey when they completely abandoned the ties bind-
ing them to the Skinlands. Aboriginal wraiths have there-
fore long abandoned the Shadowlands in favor of remote
Karta, lest they be distracted by the world they have left
behind. Kungaru knew well that the Fetters that bind
wraiths to the Skinlands and the living prevent them from
passing on to the Dreamtime. It has long been a taboo:
among aboriginal tribes thar the name of the recently dead
must not be spoken aloud, lest the spirit be distracted from
its journey to the Dreamtime. This custom may have its
origins in Kungaru's teachings, perhaps learned by
Dreamspeaker projectors among the Quick aboriginal tribes.

‘When Karta's wraiths believe that the time for them
has come to journey to the Dreamtime, itis theit habit to
travel to one of several caves which scatter the island's
surface. These steep-sided crevices are believed to by
the Tempest and lead directly to the Dreamtime. They are
taboo to those wraiths who have not yet separated them.
selves from their earthly existence.

The Children of Kurulba mock the claim that the caves
lead to the Dreamtime, claiming instead that the caverns,
are nothing but Nihils. Any wraith foolish enough to ex-
plore them will find themselves in the Tempest, battling

The Dark Kingdoms 121

cle has been broken,
alive, and thus they


their Shadow, or so the
was from one such Harrowin
Kurulba himself returned

child

with the knowle
sm. Another cave marks the grave of
Kiren of Kurul
hold wild revels mock:

ay, and at its mouth they

ory of Karta's founder.

The Fetters which al Restless to Karta

include the sites of their deaths, such as the shady banks
of billabor

posts hewn from ironbark,

or desert springs baking in the heat; grave

lly carved and charred

and painted with ochre and clay; sacred sites such as caves

or rock carvings the wraith

guarded in life; or even their
‘own bodies, not buried in the traditional manner,

haps
interred instead of wrapped in bark sheeting and placed
upon a platforn

1 wraiths may be unable to Transcend to the

-amtime until they have passed on tribal wisdom to the
relatives they left behind. Perhaps they wish to see their

widow happy again, or would avenge the massacre of them

selves and their people. Despite being forbidden to inter
fere with the Quick, many aboriginal wraiths do just that
They surreptitiously depart Karta for the dusty Shadowland

outback, risking the retribution of their elders, and the

unwelcome attentions of the demon-spirit Wulgaru,

Relationships and alliances

Although Stygia has reared Necropoli in. Australia's

oldest Shadowland cities, its control is still weak. One

jons controls Australia's wraiths, although indirectly

Stygia's rule is contested. The challenge comes not only

from the uneasy allies of English blood who rule in the
Hierarch's name, but by the Renegades and Heretics who

have followed the Hierarchs to Aw

These dissidents

seck to destroy or subvert the Stygian rule here, where itis
weakest. The younger Australian wraiths are eagerly swell

the ranks of the Renegades, hoping to establish theie

rather than obey the ¢
The abc
alliance with Stygia, but even now their emissaries
flit through the streets of the Shadowlands of Sydney and

nal Children of Kurulba have not yet tried

Melbourne, gathering information in preparation for their

upcoming decision. An alliance between Stygia and the
Children of Kurulba would surely mean the end of Karta

independence. Karta has resisted all infiltration by Euro:

pean Restless thus far. But now that Stygia
the knowledge from

its existence, gleanin

wraiths found wandering the Shadowlands outback, itcan-
not be long before the Kingdom of Clay is invaded by Stygia,

Wraith Players Guide

"EOSIN DF

Sh pie


Willpower: 10
Angst: 9

Aboriginal Artifacts

Pointing Bone (Level 3)


Ee EWE

ES Te Sea Which knows No

Sun: Wraiths of Polynesia

By Richard Dansky
_ GB) v07 the log ofthe barque Napthali, si
i :. ing from the Hierarchy port of Newport

sahan spa amavgad foors tha
(Conch 5 na ocssDoas on

20 flat ancl black it could hawe been
a mirror of oll Ainbrose's heart.

The sky andl sen ware perfectly
matched in sovth D could not tell where one ended
and the other began. One of the snitors, Durratt,
carted blubbering about sailing inte Oblivion, 109
hak Nate Huany flog hia. Chat quieted hia some,

Thrsn days we railed on that blask san, and neta
an istanel, not a fish did. ie s00. Ca van ns

insistent drumming that never, aver shopped,
abells, Doone getting near te thinking Dursall
could be sight. Then came the damondtest thing Dever
hides.

Thareweren hundred of than, one after the other

20 straight you'd think they'd drmaon it syith

bi ConcessOuhtggen
each one rowing like mach

th mine mentees tr

Erneh wlveke wae in
tine with that blasted: drum, ane they caine sulling
across that black water like arers. Shot sight past
us, they ide, without so much nam by-your-laave. One
after another after another, skimuniag past us faster
than you'd think w eunee coulda Hours, it lasted.

Linst man inthe last cance, otek one with a baad.
Uke w bush, he actually looked up at us as he passed
Guid somathing D didnt sight haan, sounded like
Naku." Then he bent himeelf te his oar again, and,
saithin minutes they were all gone agate out of sight
ever the heriron. Mething but black ssnter, black shy,
and the dain.

rot too long after that, the sharks came, (Big.
gest of them, the lender, well he damn near hauled
Kimself outof the water onte the ack. Chan he lide't
make it, he looked up at me, grinning with all there
hash tecth...


Polynesia, meaning "many islands," is a blanket name
for the islands scattered within a rough triangle stretching
from New Zealand to Hawaii to Easter Island. As one might
expect from the inhabitants of a region so geographically
diverse, the realm beyond the Shroud occupied by those of
Polynesian birth is hardly a unified monolithic structure
along the lines of Stygia. Instead, these wraiths dwell under
chiefs and priests, each claiming authority for one atoll out
of an endless string of islands stretching into the eternal
night. Overall of the chiefs and subchiefs is the being known
only as Whiro. A child of Atea (Sky) and Papa (Earth),
Whitro prefers his solitude, and docs not often meddle in
the affairs of those who have invaded his darkness.

The coining of the newly dead is unheard of here, as
is the ritualized thralldom of the Hierarchy. Until rela-
tively recently the Polynesian islands were not a metal-
based culture, and this tradition has cartied over into the
afterlife. Here, those who remember the days before guns
and aircraft carriers are powerful indeed. With no metal,
there is noart of forging, and those whom the West would
call Artificers are completely absent here. The equivalent
of soulfire may spew from the voleanoes that center so
many of the islands in the unearthly archipelago, but itis
not used to mele spirits down into coin. Indeed, this awe-
some display has yet to be harnessed, though its effects are
well understood.

Withour soul forges to shape them, the weak or re-
solved souls of this region of the world instead permeate
the world of the afterlife. They are in the stone itself, and
in the soulish which fishermen take in their outrigners.
They are in the trees, called Children of Tane, and the
shells chat wash up on nighted shores. This is intrinsically
understood by the Polynesian wraiths, who use soul-stuff
only to shape other soul-stuff, not to refine it to its core
essence and cast it into something else.

Origins and Myth

The Beginning ofthe World,
as Jold By the Eldest Dead

Once, Papa and Atea clasped each other closely
in time Papa brought forth gods; Tane, Ru, Rongo,
Tangaroa, Whiro, and many others. However, Atea held
Papa too closely, and there was no room between the two
of them for the young gods. Some, such as Whiro, did not
mind this, but Ru, Tane, and many others did, and plotted
to separate their parents. It was Tane who finally did so.
First, he pushed at his father with all of his might, but he
falled to budge Ata so much as an inch. He decided, there-
fore, to push ar Atea with his legs, which were stronger

than his arms. Tane placed his head against the ground
and pushed against his father with his feet, and this was
sufficient to create a space bet Earth and Sky wherein.
the gods (and later man) might dwell. Many of the gods
rejoiced at this, but not Whiro. Whiro had preferred the
darkness between his mother and father, and when the
unnatural space between was created, he left his brothers
and sisters to find eternal darkness in which to dwell. He
found it on the other side of the Shroud.

Even as Whiro was resting in peaceful nothingness,
his brother Ru was drumming up islands out of the ocean,
so that the descendants of Tiki (the first man) and Hin:
ahu-one (Earth Maid) might have a place to dwell. Ever
tually, though, Hina-ahu-one and Tiki grew old and died,
and came to the place of silence und waters where Whiro
dwelt. There was no place for them there, and they called
out to the other gods. Ru heard them, and crossed over
into Whiro's realm co drum islands up out of the Sea Which
Knows No Sun for them. As Ru was a wise god, though,
he knew that others would follow Hina-ahu-one and Tiki
to this place, and so he left his drum, forever beating, on.
that first istand so that there would always be more dwell-
s created for the descendants of the first man and

woman
Sure enough, more men and women were born, lived,
and died. Dying, some came to the island which Ru had
drummed up out of the eternally dark waters and upon.
which he had set his drum. They filled that first island,
which they named Atea after the Earth-Mother of theit
living days, and then fom the dark trees that had sprouted
from this unearthly soil, they hewed out the first ghostly
outriggers. These were see upon the black waters, and fish-
cermen set out ro an unknown sea. They caught the ghosts
of fish and made offerings of them to Rua'atu and Ru
cami ‘gods of fishermen when they returned, and
so the Ariki-pa-uta and the Ariki-pa-tai, the Shore High
Priest and the Inland High Priest, deemed it well
Women and men kept on dying, however, in the sun-
lands, and there came a day when there were too many
ahu-one's descendants for the island Area to hold.
The Ariki-pa-uta and the Ariki-pa-tai, and a thied priest,
the Arik aporackai (The High Chief who
stood at the head of the food platter) conferred and agreed
that Atea was for the oldese dead, and that those younger
must leave. This was well with the elders ofthe island, but
the younger ghosts, those who were to leave, despaired,
for the next island that Ru had drummed up from the waves
lay beyond the dark horizon. In truth, they did not know
that this second island existed, nor did they suspect the
true power of the drum which bear always at the heart of
Atea. The long canoes were prepared sadly, and the young-
est ghosts rowed them with swift, sure strokes to the beat
of the eternal drum they were leaving behind them.

The Dark Kingdoms

125


of canoes, each filled

Whiro took pity on them, though, and guided those
first canoes across the black waves to that second island. with tirel
When the refugs they no- propelled by the hope that the next is
ticed, lying on the sand, had this sunless sea will be one that they can call home.
into the waves months eati st, had b

Aiea Tapes alts ssssoob Warfare and Society Among the Dead

in the afterlife were beyond Tane's capabilities tod
1 Tane out from his spirit, taki
coconut wh

adily across the black wav

ind to rise out of

Obviously, things are d dried as all that.

h he cast Often the younger dead will not wish to leave an ances:

he had once made, he — ¢ral homeland that is just as much theirs as their ghostly
stopper which

or as cut

upon the waves.
picked it up from the surf, removed th

predecessors, and warfare will ensue. In many cases itis
sealed the frog in, and heard the creature's chirp of kio. At not even overcrowding

this, the priest declared the god's power restored, and re- the Restless Dead; the ¢
named the deity Tane-kio, Tane the Chirper. At this the settled, older dead can lead to combat merely for the
picious sign, many of these newly dead decided to make sake of variation. In either case, warfare often shatters the
their homes here. A few, however, led by a man named — placidity which Whiro once enjoyed.

and the unknown

hat ushers in the warfare between

adly sameness of existence among

Mokoiro, trusted once again to the
presence of Whiro, setting off again further to the east.
anoes stopped at the next island raised fi

fare on Ru''s Archipelago follows many of the same

customs and patterns that warfare among the living did,

being mainly a matter of extended families or tribes

isfied, retired to the dark

The numbers of the dead kept
as the living children of Tiki spread across the wave

dling for political supremacy. There is no extermination of
hey are either exiled to those

rowing, though, and

© ontested isle deemed undesirable or forced
too did theie spirits after death. Island after island became

fill

gers on the longest journey. Those
often spend years rebuilding their

though, and generation after generation of the newly

itch of new islands gifted them by the drum of Ru. The hostilities and the chance at eventual triumph. However,

R126 Wraith Players Guide


those exiled to the

never return, though many attempt

toseize the next island they come to instead of journeying

to the outer reaches of Ru's gift
The physical act of war is rela

ively simple; each of
iefs gathers his forces, armed with whar-

the contending cl

et relics or Artifacts they might possess. These can range
from spears and stone knives hewn from the islands then
selves to fully operational relic firearms. Indeed, it is this

disparity in weaponry that has often allowed younger
wraiths to displace older, more powerful wraiths from
shared ancestral haunts. Battle is joined, and continues
until one side has a clear advantage over the other. At
this point the losers break and flee, leaving the chief of
the victors to seek the official benediction of the Ariki-
pa-uta, considered to be above polities. The Ariki-pa-t

then invests the victorious chief with the Mangaia, the
on the island. Thus empowered,
h of the island's
districts, stoppi temple ro witness the
ing of the drums which signaled the end of war. When the
last drumbeat has been struck, and only the echo of Ru's
faraway chythm remains, then the survivors and support
cers of the losing army

the new h

journey to €
ch loc

merge from hiding, ranted
amnesty, and slink away to unpleasant habitation or the
face of the bluck warers. In their place the followers of the
victor are often set up as supporting chiefs, with districts
and sub-distriets granted to them to rule under the

Mu

‘s aegis.

The ritual of investiture is held to absolutely; the for-
mal granting of the Mangaia is the way in which the rel
ious and temporal powers of the island balance them:
selves. Should a chief triumph in battle yet be refused the
Mangaia, ora priest be deposed, invariably ill fortune will
sweep upon the lind and drive those who dared counter:
mand tradition before i

Reaping and the Vaekai

Perhaps the most important ritual in this province of
the undiscovered country is that of reaping, performed by
wmniths known as the vaekai. As h is discov-
ered on the unliving side of the Shroud, she is taken to
the central inland temple. There, surrounded by her pa-
temal ancestorson one side and her maternal on the other,
she is reaped by the island's waekai. As the last shreds of
her Caul are removed, she is offered in rebirth to her father's
ancestors, thar she might be accepted into this life as the

us one. On occasions when the mother's tribe is
that of the father, the newly Reaped soul is
offered to these wraiths instead. The Caul is offered as a
sacrifice to whichever deity is in vogue at the time, and
the new wraith is welcomed into society as an equal

This ceremonial reaping confers great status on the
wraith thus initiated. Those wraiths denied the services of
the vackai are automatically considered to be of a lower
class, and thus inevitably have less prestige than wraiths
of comparable age but more good fortune. Those souls de-
nied the privilege of this ceremonial reaping are the ghosts
of the poor and those of the losers in recent military con-
flices. The waekai's services generally come at a cost of rich
gifts, and those exiled to the hinterlands rarely have such,
gilts to give, even for so auspicious an occasion,

The other group of wraiths who cannot avail them-
selves of the vackai are the descendants of the recently
exiled. As there are none present to contract the vaekai
on their behalf, the ceremony passes them by. This indig-
nity creates much friction between new wraiths and old
cones, and this in and of itself has been the root of many

Some bands of exiles do not include a vaek:
their number, and thus whatever island they eventually
settle can be without a ceremonial Reaper permanently.
These islands are considered to be slums at best, tabu at
worst. Wraiths from "respectable" islands, even those who,
have not been serviced by a vaekai themselves, will look
down upon wraiths from these islands, if they deign to spe
to them ar all.

‘Wraiths who are not reaped ceremonially suffer a va-
riety of awakenings. The lucky ones are surrounded by
friends and family, who remove their Cauls reverentially
if not religiously. The unlucky, usually the offspring of re-
cent exiles, are left to stumble dazed around the island,
until or unless another wraith takes pity on them and fre
them. Some are left to fend for themselves entirely, and
too many of these wander, half-blinded, into the black
to be swallowed by the Maku, the shark-spitts.

The skinlands, The Shadowlands
and the Tempest

‘The Skinlands of Polynesia have, in many cases, fallen.
under the sway of various foreign powers, and as a result
the Shadowlands are rife with Reapers from Stygia and
the Dark Kingdom of Jade, who seek to guide those they
feel should fall under their jurisdiction to the appropriate
Dark Kingdom. They are tolerated, as most Polynesian
wraiths would rather have the tourists and foreigners carted
off to where they came from than have to put up with

them for all eternity.

The Sea Which Knows No Sun rests atop the Tem
pest in the Shadowlands, the calm surface of the waters
completely masking the turbulence beneath. Nihils a
relatively few here, mostly existing down where only the

127


Maku swim. Ships coming to the Sea from outside are car

ried up through the black waters to the surface from
of the Nihils, however, the energy of the passage isso gre:
that it appears as nothing more than a terrific storm. Oc
casionally

phoons (the equiv

lands for up to a week. Whole islands have been washe

away by these storms as thoroughly as if they'd never ex-
isted.

There is a weird correspondence between the islands
of Ru's Archipelago a Skinlands. Yes, tho:
atolls which exist beyond the Shroud are infinite in num

ber, and therefore cannot correspond geographically to
those islands which house the living. However,

the ur-islands which wraiths inhabit is linked in som.

canny fashion to the island upon which the majority of
- Hundreds

the wraiths in residence spent theit living

or even thousands of Ru's islands can be connected to the

Skinlands in this way, ironically allowing for interaction
between wraiths on ur-islands thousands of (and
years) apart. Haunts do exist for ghosts on the Sea Which
Knows No Sun, but wraiths spanning three thousand years
e physical Haunt and draw distinct types

can share the

of Pathos from it.

128 Wraith Players Guide

The Shadowlands of Ru's Archipelago are suffused
with the soul-stuff of those souls not tormented enou
become wraiths. These dead, upon their passage,

both inanimate and animate objects in the land of the

ed. The fish that are caught by Mokoiro's followers

not the spirits of fish from the Skinlands, Rather, they

are the ghosts of men and women whose deaths

quiet than t
resolved in shi

and whose post-mortem conflicts can be

s other than human. Still quieter souls

form the sand, the stones, and the other inanimate ob
jects which make up the physical world of Ru's islands

Ic is said that only the especially blessed are reborn as
the Children of Tane, and this saying goes a long way to-
wards explaining the unique properties of the lumber these

trees yield up. Furthermore, itis believed that the wisest

ost spiritually centered of the wraiths of Ru's Archi
> eventually transform into Children of Tane, an

and
pel
existence which allows them to be one with all spirit. This
belief is the closest extant among traditional Polynesians
to the Western concept of Transcendence. Younger wraiths,
ion of the Pacific, tend
scendence put forth
Oddly enough, the
Children of Tane are rarer and rarer as one reaches newer

those born since the Wes

to hold more to the concepts of T

by those who once dwelled in Si


and newer islands in the chain. Traditionalists see this as
a vindication of their point of view, while younger wraiths
ignore the discrepancy or mount raids to older islands for
their stores of tanewood.

qhe Naku

In this portion of the land beyond the Shroud, gen-
tler souls become part of the natural world after death; it
is only those wraiths with conflicts unresolved from life
that wander as wraiths. However, beyond this is the po
mortem existence of the truly evil, the vicious and preda-
tory. Rebirth at the hands of a vaekai does not await one of
these ghosts, no matter how many ancestors anxiously

await it. Rather, these souls are admitted to the afterlife as
cone of the Maku, the shark-folk.

These beings appear as sharks with leering, vaguely
human faces. Intelligent and brutal, they dwell beneath the
surface of the dark waves, sometimes hunting in packs of
up to five. While they are not possessed of a physical hun-
ger, the psychic urge to kill und devour is strong in them,
tnd they are not the sort of creatures to expend any effort
resisting this instinct. The actively cruise between isl
hoping to catch new, Caul-blinded souls or better ye
Voys of weary souls dispiritedly rowing towards e

enough to shatter an outrigger, the Maku
attack by ramming canoes with their snouts and then sim
ply devouring anyone unfortunate enough to be thrown
into the water by their initial tactic. Any wraith in the

Powerf

water when a Maku is on the hunt is almost cer
loomed, with only the shark's occasional predile
g any window of escape. The
ate in theit prey, howeve
s plasm in the water, in theie frenzy they are just as
likely to attack their fellows as their original prey.

‘Their favorite prey, though, is the ghosts of those they
knew when they were alive. There is nothing a Maku re

playing with its food offerin

ishes quite so much as the look of shock and horror on
"s face when they realize that their beloved child
of father) has become Maku. These meetings
more frequently than they ought to, considering
the sheer vastness of the ocean in which the Maku swim
and the number of islands which Ru has dru
of the
some inherent power that leads them to those that they
knew in life, and that no Maku may know peace except by
slaying all those who loved it in life

Maku can be s| of course, though their skin is like
armor and their teeth are like saws. The slaying of a Maku
confers tremendous prestis pon the wraith who accom.
plishes the feat, and often those who seek to possess the
Mangaia will go out hunting Maku, to demonstrate their
prowess and their worthiness for the position of High Chief.

ymed up out
+. This leads many to suspect that Maku have

Should one be lucky enough to actually slay a Maku, the.
head is retrieved whenever possible for purposes of sacri-
fice to Rua'atu and Rua-tama‘ine. (Note: These sacrifices,
like all to Rua'atu and Rua-tama'ine, consist of merely pla
ing an offering in a basker at the gods' temples.)
Fortunately, the Maku are not capable of venturing
conto the land, else Rus Archipelago would be sparsely
populated indeed. The shark forms of the Maku have nei:
ther legs nor arms with which to propel themselves easily,
on the land. This is not to say that they will not pursue a
victim up out of the waves should the chances of catching.
hhim be good; this happens often enough to have sp
a host of sayings, such as "The Maku is the high

est oft

The Maku do possess the power of speech, and can
often be heard singing out among the waves. These songs

are always done in counterpoint to the omnipresent be

ing of Ru's drum, and some believe that Whiro created
the Maku as a punishment for those who
silence. Whiro, not su

od invade his
ingly, has declined to make his
ings on this hypothesis known,

What is known is that even the Maku do some good,
reaffirming their place in the order of things. Specifically,

these most foul of wraiths protect Ru's islands from inva

sion by outsiders. Four times the Jade Emperor has at-
tempted to exert his control over the islands drummed

from the deep, and four times the Maku have scuttled his

fleet and butchered the wraiths manning it. It has been

Notes on Maku non-player characters
The range of Arcanos which Maku use

is extremely limited, with Argos, Embody,
Moliate, and Keening being the most com,
monly used. Arcanos such as Castigate,
Lifeweb, and Usury are extremely rare at best
Shadow statistics are not provided for the
Maku because in a sense they are nothing

much as Shadows for their entire cultur

While not directly affiliated with the
Oblivion in the way that Spectres and
Dopplegangers are, Maku certainly represent
the dark side of their culture and thus have
no real need of Shadows in order to make
them effective characters. Maku tend toh

earlier, they enjoy playing with their "food."
Often they will appear to allow their victims
to get away so that they can enjoy the sur-
prise of reappearing a minute later, after the

sedly reached safety

The Dark Kingdoms 129

over half a century since His Imperial Augustness made
ful attempt. It is widely
Il, that His Imperial

nother half century to lick his

his last, and most nearly succ
assumed, when it is thought abo

Majesty will take at leas

wounds from his last defeat.

The Maneaia

The M

ralone. Iisa

aia isas much a spiritual power as a tempo-
of direct favor from whatever gods dwell
ion from Whiro. Any who try to rule
ickly deposed, as much out of
‘outrage on the part of the deposers as real weakness on the
part of the deposed.

Simply put, the M does in fact grant
powers beyond the simple right to rule. Ir proffers upon its
Pathos points, in addition to

here, a rare ben
without the

1s skills by one level so long as itis
+hiefs appointed by
extra three Pathos

points. This is at the same time a rewa
the victorious force as well as a mani
they are now part of the new High
island.

Of course, there is a down si

ally makes

possessor
rly, i
land itself, and binds is
cd it. Chiefs who possess
illy unable to set foot off of the

t rebellion and plotting.

nce of the

possessor to the land
the Mangaia are phy
islands on which they rule. Should they be bodily carried
pped from them in.a process akin to
d subchiefs are capable of leav-
nefits fr
from their home soil. The power
and is very clearly limited to that
1d only, and in this way the possibilty
ingle High Cl
defused. This is not to say that empire-building has not
rors of

assoon as their

inted for ruling
und that ish
iple-island empires unde

been attempted. However, would-be cong

tiple tend to find their position in their old do-

a as soon as they set forth on their missions

ins usurpes
of conquest.

Wraith Players Guide

qhe children of Jane

When Tane separated his mother and father, he did
so by planting his hands against his mother and pressing
against his father with his feee. While doing so, one of his
brothers remarked, he looked like a tree. In honor of this
moment, trees are also known as "Children of Tane." Theie
roots are like his flowing hair, while their spreading
branches emulate the god's feet as he struggled against the
sky.

‘There is more significance to the Children than mere
metaphor, however. Though all the matter of this domain
isinfused with the souls of the dead, the wood of the Chil-
dren of Tane is more vibrantly alive with it. Artifacts can
be crafted from their matter with relative ease, and a spear
made from this wood is as hard as forged metal, holding an.
edge equally well. So long as the materials used to craft
the wood are entirely natural, the virtue of the timber re-
mains. Should a single manufactured tool (a steel ham-
mer, for instance) be used for even the smallest task in.
shaping, any additional qualities of excellence the wood
possessed above and beyond those any timber might have
ate irrevocably lost.

No Child of Tane can ever actually be completely cut
down, Even if its trunk is severed, in time the tree will
grow back. On the oldest islands, some Children have been.
carefully tended and pruned for thousands of years, sur-

rendering a branch or so per year to the hands of artisans.
Younger islands, and those islands inhabited by younger
wraiths, tend to have merely a speckling of stumps and
saplings. Tanewood raids have become a frequent occur-
rence on the Archipelago, and even the Maku have been
known to seek the wondrous substance for their own
‘wisted purposes

Lexicon

Children of Tane: The "trees" of Ru's Archipelago,
formed from souls. Objects carved from tanewood are ex.
ceptionally hard

Maku: Shark-like spectres frequently found in the Sea
Which Knows No Sun surrounding Ru's Archipelago.

Mangaia: The temporal and spiritual power
to the ruler of an island in Ru's Archipelago.

Rus Archipelago: The islands within the Tempest
roughly analogous to Stygia in the West.

Sea Which Knows No Sun: The Tempest

Typhoon: The watery Maelstroms common to this
area of the Shadowlands.

Vackai: Reapers who assure the safe passage of family
members into the Underworld of Ru's Archipelago.



Wrest once the law to your authority
To do a great right, do a lle wrong.
— William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice

features that we would recog
a little more dilapidat

Rules in any Storyteller game are tools to build sto-
ries with — nothing more, and nothing less. We define
the game world in terms of the rules to make
there is level playing field for both players and Storytell
ers, and to eliminate the temptation to have a rule work
cone way today and a completely different way tomorrow.
_ But the most important thing to remember in any game
— Wraith pethaps even more so than others — is that

ing World
inds, by virtue of the
posses.

nd. Of course, it was quickly rebuilt, but what do you

owlands at 1600 Pennsylvania Av- 9]

these are just tools. If the tools aren't working for your
particular situation, asa member of the troupe you should
feel free to suggest a new tool that will suit the group's

is a strong memory of a place,
shadow of it will exist in the Shadowlands. The modern
ind the 19th century one are eerily juxtaposed
ierialized in the

llroom in the living world, only to find it bisected by

needs better,

The following section on geography contains excerpts from
the notes of a noted Underworld traveller who prefers to be
called "Cassandra." The editors of this volume believe from
experience that what follows is true, though geography tends to
be rather more fluid in the world of the Dead than in the world

ofthe Quick... ‘One strange phenomenon noted in recent studies of
the relationship between th

pos:
sessor of the building decided that she wanted the ball-

room to be unobstructed, it would be possible for her to
destroy the older building brick by brick.

counterparts on the

The Shadowlands are a nearly exact copy of the world
of the living. Chicago still looks like Chicago, the Atlan-
tic Ocean is still in the
highways are where ye

person destroyed in the Shadowlands diminish
some cases the Quick are seen to take less interest in said
object from the time of its destruction,

sme place and all the rivers and
expect them to be. Admittedly,


B Haunts

Haunts are places in which the Shroud beoween the
worlds of the living and the dead grows thin. In most cases,
they are also the subject of many memories, and thus gen-
‘erate a certain amount of Memoriam. (Nota bene: Do not
confuse Haunts (strongholds where the Shroud grows thin)
with "haunts," spelled with a lowercase "h," for these lesser
haunts are merely places in which the Restless are known
to congregate.)

qhe Tempest

Just as the Shadowlands exist in a "dimension" sepa-
rate from the world of the Quick, so does the Tempest
exist in yet another space. It is possible to circle the globe
without ever leaving the Shadowlands. Travelling from
‘New York to London in the Shadowlands is certainly pos-
sible without ever braving the Tempest; simply skinride a
passenger or otherwise hitch a ride on a plane or boat
headed east. Of course, many Restless are so impatient (or
in a sufficient hurry) that taking a shortcut, as it were,
through the Tempest is preferable.

Nihils

Nihils are like wormholes, or cracks in the reality that
separates the Tempest from the Shadowlands. It has been
noted that in many areas that possess Nihils, the Shroud
separating the Shadowlands from the Skinlands is like-
inished. It is a commonly held theory that any.
breach in the barriers of this sort weakens all other barri-

ers in the area, though researchers have yet to determine
the mechanism for this.

Stygia

The largest "continent" in the Tempest, Seygia rises
from the Sea of Shadows into an oasis of splendor and
strength...or, at least, that's what the Hierarchy would have
you believe. In truth, Stygia is a horribly overpopulated
place, overflowing with the dead of centuries who are un-
willing or unable to go on to either Transcendence of
Oblivion. Like a medieval walled city, Stygia is both a for-
tress and a home, a place of commerce and a place of sub-
beauty.

134 Wraith Players Guide

20 ese

The Dark Kingdoms

"There are only two other known continents within
the Tempest, and these have been named the Dark King-
doms of Jade and of Ivory. Like Stygia, these represent two
of the dominant cultures of the living world, those cen
tered in Asia and Africa respectively. Navigation within
the Tempest being the dangerous and haphazard thing that
itis, iis only in recent years that any sort of dialogue has
been begun between Stygia and these other Kingdoms.

‘There are rumors of a third Kingdom, but while an
area claimed by the Kingdom of Obsidian was said to exist
in the Shadowlands of North and Central America, it wus
destroyed centuries ago. No known equivalene to this lost
Kingdom has ever been found in the Tempest, and it is
believed by most Western wraiths that all the dead of that
area are now under the control of Stygia.

Some say that there are a number of other Kingdoms
to be found in the Tempest, but most scholars in Stygia
believe this to be mere myth, like the tales the sailors of
centuries past told of sea monsters and cities of gold be-
yond the sea. Like their predecessors of times past, most of
the.reports of these supposed lost Kingdoms come from
Renegades and other unreliable riff-raff. Indeed, if such
places existed, is it not reasonable that they would have
sent emissaries to Stygia long ago? Since this has not hap-
pened and no reliable reports have ever been returned of
auch places, they are not believed to exist (see also the
Dark Kingdoms chapter).

The Far Shores

Whoever put that fool idea in to your head that the
Far Shores were Transcendence, child? The best descrip:
tion I can give you of the Far Shores is that they are like
monasteries or communes in the living world; places where
people of similar spiritual and philosophical bent can
gather in a place free of the distractions of living among
unbelievers. Some resemble the Paradise sought by the
Restless there, while some are hells in which the penitent
punish themselves for real or imagined transgressions in
life or in the Underworld. We are told that under such
conditions, many who journey there do achieve Transcen-
dence, but, as with any such enterprise, there are rumors
of corruption and treachery even within these well-mean-
ing groups. If you would seek Transcendence, know that
you may do so in any place, at any time. Those who seck
‘out the Far Shores often do so to find a mutually suppor
ive environment in which to contemplate theit navels.

"SRY

roll (difficulty as
eflect the quality and relative
yeth of the item or subject). If Deaths

Sense Health

The
ye dam:

from. Th

culty from 4

ility, handicaps
the wraith


the device and damage) is required. Success means the
wraith has isolated the problem, and perhaps obtained a
helpful idea or two on how to repair the item

Deathsight has been known to provide unusual and
even bizarre results under certain circumstances. In par-
ticular, vampires, although they still possess disc
weaknesses, scem to remain untouched by the
time thar batter so many other denizens of the
Shadowlands. However, in their wake normally fresh and
vital things appear unwarrantedly aged
death. The effect usually passes quick
trafficked or long occupied by th
lingers on. On the other h
with the energy of life.
beasts, such as their g
almost perpetually verd

lfesieht

Deathsight is Lifesight. While useless on other wraiths, i
is not without its use

ind touched by

tin areas heavily

creatures the effect
id, werewolves appear ab
es frequented by these man-

1g places and holy spots, seem
nd lively.

of the Restless become d

gerously f
found surrounding al living and even many unliving c
tures. Wraiths dabbling with Lifesight have stumbled onto
and refined a few tricks or special uses for it. The follow.
ing are a few suggestions.

Sense Sentiment

‘When two individuals become aware of each oth
the Skinlands there is a momentary flare in the life energy
surrounding them th: wraith ean interpret. This
gives a brief but piercing insight into the true feelings held
by each of the subjects for the other. Roll Perception +
Empathy (difficulty 9).

Passion Sense

By singling out a singl
wraith can attune herself to

welength" of life energy, a
particular Passion or emo-
tion in others. Whenever another wra
mortal with a similar emotion the mor
so slightly. In this way, the wraith
tion on another wi

h passes near a

aura clings ever
uncover informa-

1s Passions. Only a single emotion
can be focused on at one time. This is a very dificult fat,
requiring excellent timing and a high degree of sensitiv.
ity. Roll Perception + Awareness (difficulty 9).


Spirit Sense

The spirits and denizens of the Middle Umbra make
slight impressions on the fabric of the Shadowlands thar
are even further dampened by the Shroud, so few wraiths
are even aware of the potential for this application of
Lifesight. Only wraiths with a considerable knowledge of
Garou and their relation to the Umbra can attempt this.
The wraith can vaguely detect the presence of Umbral
entities, such as Garou, spirits and Banes with a roll of
Perception + Occult (difficulty equal to the local Shroud
+ 2, but no greater than 10). It should be noted that this
requires concentration, and therefore is not something that
someone completely ignorant of werewolf cosmology would
"accidentally" notice.

Sharpened Senses

As starved as they are for the rich flavor of the
Skinlands, wraiths possess a particular sensitivity to stimuli
in general that develops quickly upon their arrival in the
Shadowlands. This power is easily employed by wraiths to
keep tabs on the Quick, as well as to uncover all manner
of otherwise hidden aspects of the Shadowlands,

biden sight

Hidden Sight can be used to try and reveal supernatu-
rally hidden beings (those using Obfuscate, Blur of the
Milky Eye, Enshroud and similar powers). However, when,
employing Sharpened Senses in this manner, che wraith,
‘must expend a point of Pathos and roll Perception + Awai
ness (difficulty determined by the Storyteller). It should
be noted that any limitations seated in the description of
the power being used to hide the target (i.e: Obfuscate)
must be taken into account when determining difficulty.

insubstantility

Many wraiths consider their transitory materiality
more ofa curse than a blessing. Yer, it is this selfsame power
that has saved many of the Restless from complete destruc-
tion at the hand of the more aggressive denizens of the
‘World of Darkness. Insubstantiality is one of the wraith's,
strangest innate powers and has been the subject of much
ition and study by Stygian scholars. Some even
whisper of lost school or guild that developed previously
‘unsuspected application of this power that could rival the
other, more traditional Arcanos. The Hierarchy has vi
orously stamped out these rumors, of course.

const


Character Statist

How can you ¢ a look or a touch
How can yor
faken by d mean much

ith. Without them, her ties to the

puous at best. More

importantly though, a wraith without

Stephen Shwartz, "Love Song i Fetters has lost the opportunity t0 re~

How can you assign a number to.an emo- solve them —a step that is fundamen:
tion? Like Lovecraft's "Color Out of Space", tal to achieving Transcendence,

ain a Fetter is by the

Together md you reelin

m of game design seems wholly The most common method tc
PCT MRCIRtntEE simple application of the Splice Strand art of Lifeweb
SMSO a /oweves, this method is only a temp ny and
SCENT CnEMMMTanER co" be quice draining. Other methods of gaining Fetter

iding principles of their life

can you possibly have "Love, 3"? What

that mean? Well, that's one of the tricky

sof Wraith. To pur a rules system onto
nebulous concept like "Loyalty" or "Hatred
mean some compromises have to be

are much more difficult, but often yield more lasting re
sul
‘One such means is the sympathetic method. This usu-

ally happens when the wraith has lost a particular Fetter.

After the loss of such a significant part of themselves,
wraiths, like mortals, will seek a substitute for the loss, For
example, a wraith whose custom-built vintage automobile
mad TRE ROME is lose may find a teenager diligently restoring a similar
Trai Pas NESE ICE moclel. The boy has the same zeal and dedication the wraith
ORO CM UM EM ROR IGII EE possessed for his treasured vehicle in life, so his car could

ame more playable beco nthe Fetter. The Storyteller may require inten
sive rolep!

z and involvement with the new potential

No roleplaying g stem will r
perfectly mimic the way things "really
whether the system simulates autom:

Fetter to form an intimate bond. If the wraith is able to do.
0 to the satisfaction of the Storyteller, she need only ex-

pend one permanent Willpower to finalize the bond.

Sometimes, without even actively seeking to do s0,

made along the way to make the PEE in emotionally to such a degree that she cannot help but
able, and that sometimes means sacrificin become caught up in it. Often a sympathetic condition
TRUER such as the one above exists, but in this case the wraith

the playersand Storytellera language J

stumble upon a situation which draws her

not want to become part of this drama that is drawing.
RRO eM MORRIE her in. Examples include bein,
story. By rating Passions and Fetters, th loss or joy fulfillment. Afte
OURS tions that are the most intense that we are most afraid to
MAAROREMENNMEE cleal with. Irismor uncommon for the Restless to shy away

from situations that bring them into contact with poten-

couched by a great tragedy,
all, it is sometimes the situa:

the most important rule in any Storytelling
ame: if the rule conflicts with the stor
bend the rules

tial new Fetters. Fetters ofthis nature, while initially com-
pelling, tend to fade quickly if not pursued or nurtured

Losing Fetters

As is the case with
(such as the Lifeweb art
to cut off a wraith from her Fetter. This artificial loss of a
rally
Arcanos art Splice Strand or throug
(see Wraith: the Oblivion,

lost to the attacks of Spectres

ining Fetters, certain Arcanos

wver Strand) can also be utilized

Fetter can u easily reversed by employing the

sheer effort of will

page 157). Fetters may also be


If a wraith's Fetter is physically destroyed in the
Skinlands, or ifa living Fetter dies before resolution, itis
forever lost. If it is an object, the wraith may attempt to
bring it into the Shadowlands as a relic, though it will no
longer function as a connection to the living world, and is
therefore no longer a Fetter. Bringing an object through
the Shroud is done much the same way as aquiring a
Claimed object that has been destroyed (Wraith, page
152), ept that the wraith need not be skilled in In-
habit. The wraith need only make a Strength + Empathy
roll (difficulty equal to the local Shroud rating). Only one
attempt is allowed, but if the wraith is successful, the newly
formed relic passes into the Shadowlands and her posses
sion. It no longer has any significance as a Fetter, nor does
ic gain any special powers

A wraith can also choose to abandon a Fetter, but
this is practically unheard of, for it inevitably results i
significant loss in her already tenuous link to the Skinlands.
Still, it has been known to happen. Typically this sore of
suicidal behavior is usually seen only in severely depressed
or disillusioned wraiths. This is the brand of recklessness
that is often seen in those bound for Oblivion. Recently,
some very radical cults have preached the value of aban.
doning one's Fetters, for "they only serve to restrict one's
spicitual development." Some claim to have gained inner
strength from this strange denial in the form of Eidolon
The truth or wisdom of this claim is disput
mains unresolved for now.

ple and re-

Fading is another danger that threatens a wraith's Fet-
ed devotion and attention to maintain their
\ce and connection to the wraith. Ifa wraith con-
er Fetters, he may find them fading. A

Pathos cost to hale the process,
though it is strongly suggested that she require significant
roleplaying to reestablish the tie to the Fetter. Ifthe threat
is stll ignored, the Fetter will lose all its significance to
the wraith, and permanently become simply another fea
ture of the Skinlands

Rules on Losing Passions

A hard fact that wraiths learn early on is that nothing
is permanent. Everything fades. ‘Do not be mistaken —
Passions are no exception. It is the loss of a reason to go
ig that drives wraiths to suicidal ends and sense-
less Oblivion. Those who lose their drive to continue have
few choices left. Even Spectres remember their dark Pas-
sions and most still attempt to fulfill them. Those that do
not are consumed by Oblivion. The basic rule book for
Wraith: The Oblivion describes neglect, Harrowing, and
numbing as ways for a Passion to be diminished. Here are
two more


Passion experiences an event of extreme horror
ing the betrayal of that Passion. Specific examples
of this include the violent and untimely death of a person
specifically attached to a Passion, likewise the death of a
person resembling the original focus of a Passion, the ti
tumph of a hated enemy over the wraith's friends, or the
wraith accidentally causing harm when trying to fulfill a
Passion.

In other words, an event of severe emotional pain di-
assion must take place, and be either
firsthand or learned of shortly thereafter. The
moment the knowledge strikes home in a wraith's mind,
the Storyteller has several options. First, he may make a
ruling based solely on roleplaying. Ifthe player has had a
mediocre reaction (or none at all), then the wraith h
lost point in that Passion. Ifthe player reacted with defi-
nite alarm or concer, then the Storyteller may rule that
the Passion will stay strong — at least for now.

‘Should the Storyteller wish to use a system, instead of
relying on her judgment of the player' reaction, then a
Passion roll should be made. The player rolls the number
of dice that she currently has in that Passion (difficulty 8)
She needs at least one success to hold on to that Passion
at its current level. Willpower may be spent during this
roll. Ifthe roll is completely failed, the Passion loses one
point. Should the player botch, the Passion loses half its
points (rounded down). A Passion of one is erased alto
gether. The Storyteller may rule that the event was so
devastating to the wraith that a botch erases the Passion
entirely, regardless of its level

Should the Shadow be responsible for the traumatiz-
ing event, then the difficulty is raised to 9. Knowing you
are somehow responsible makes the horror all the worse.
If the roll is failed or botched in this situation then the
Shadow will also gain a point of Angst, or perhaps take
the initiative to dominate the wraith.

Slow removal begins when the focus of a Passion is
eliminated under normal circumstances, and the wraith
has difficulty finding a replacement for that Passion's fo-
cus. For example should the Passion be "Greed" with the
specific purpose of "Possess a 1958 candy apple red Chevy"
owned in life, and that car is erushed in a junk yard or
scrapped for parts, then the Passion's purpose has been lost.
The wraith must now irdescription
or the Passion will begin to fade. Should a '57 Chevy be
found, or something else close enough to the original, then
the wraith can maintain that Passion. For every week that
passes without a new specific purpose located, the player
must make a permanent Willpower roll (difficulty 6). If
in the Passion decreases by one level. Af-
has passed the difficulty will raise to 7. After a
ic will raise to 8, and so on; the difficulty will


increase annually on the day the specific purpose was lost,
burneverabove 10. Should a specific purpose appear, then
no further Willpower rolls are needed for a time

If the wraith never finds a new specific purpose, then
the Storyteller may rule that the wraith cannot gain Pa-
thos through that Passion. If the player should fail the
Willpower rolls until the Passion reaches 0, itis lost for-
ever.

‘Time also plays a role in the slow removal of a Pas
sion, Sometimes a wraith's Passions will be atcu
specific trend or detail pertaining to an era. For e
1940's swing dancer could have felt "Joy
ticular type of dance (swing), but as time m:
dance went outof style. Noone anywhere fele joy by
ing the swing in 1969. Ic is up to the Storyteller to make a
ruling on neglect. The player may de
terchanged wi

de that her ch
ly embraced ball-
ing, disco, and even:

the times; she ev

room d
ly
with every ore

cing, sockhops, hippie-sw
oshing. Perhaps the Passion went down a level
ry other switch. The Storyteller and player
to work together. Hard and fast rules should
sed on, if at all. Remember, though, that
J entropy is a powerful force, and individua

Passions can

not survive forever in the face of it

| Increasing Pasions

imes an event will take place in 2 chronicl
a wraiths Passion in a positive way. Th
ae, of course, orchestrated by the S

that
events

er, but the key

orytel
is player reaction. If the Storyteller jud
has had the d

ss that the scene

hs Passion may

1 by on « sure of the effect
and wants a system, then he should have the player make
Passion roll, as with losis bove. The diff
culty should be § by the Storyteller. If the player
achieves two or more success

crease by one.

| Gaining Passions

Gaining Passions is also possible, but should always
be extremely difficult. As suggested in the
the Storyteller should ha
sort of situations. Here

adjusted

then the Passion may in-

n rulebook,

most cotal control over these
few guidelines. First, the wraith

‘must bear personal witness to oF t
| ally intense scene. Thi

pare in
f che player and Storyteller
thar the character would have been inspired or compelled
by the seer Perception + Empathy roll is required (dif
ficulty 9). With two or ith he
new Passion. For every success beyond the first ah
dot is added. 2 equals I dor, 3 equals 2 dots, ete. Th

C0

ryteller may adjust the difficulty due to specific details


the wraith knew the vietim, the object involved was a
personal possession such as a Fetter, or any number of rea~
sons, Bear in mind that gaining a Passion, a new source of
Pathos, is quite a boon to any wraith. Chronicle balance
should always play an important role in this situation.
Three points should be the uppermost limit for a new Pas-
sion.

Sometimes the same emotionally charged momentean
remove a Passion and bestow a different one in the same
instant. For example, a weaith's boyfriend is slaughtered
by Andrew Messer and the Eisenkreuzen, the same gang
that killed her a year earlier. She had a Lust Passion spe-
cifically euned to him, but now she loses that Passion alto-
ether, as described above. Stil, she makes 2 very success-
ful roll of Perception + Empathy to gain a new one: Anger
towards gang violence, specifically involving the
Eisenkreuzen and good old Andrew.

If a wraith suffers this much trauma all in one scene,
she should make a Stamina roll (difficulty 7). If she fails
the roll, the weaith is wracked with blinding pain fora full
minute and loses a Corpus Level. Ifshe botches, for every
‘one rolled,the wraith's pain lasts for an hour and she loses
2 Corpus Levels. This is a perfect time for the Shadow to
emerge. If this damage destroys the wraith's Corpus, she
will all straight into Harrowing.

Lf this trauma hits the character during Catharss, then
the Shadow has a chance to gain and lose Dark Passions
in the same manner. This is entirely up to the Storyteller,
and should be a crucial moment in the chronicle. When a
Shadow gains this kind of power, i is no small affai

Bear in mind that the loss or acquisition of a Passion
is a major event for any Wraith game. It should be
roleplayed through full character interaction. Hopefully a
scene in which a Passion is in jeopardy will encompass the
very elements of what Wraith revolves around: tragedy,
horror, and emotion. The Storyteller should not endanger
a Passion just because he is bored or his players aren't pay-
ing attention. He should use focused forethought and thor-
ough decision-making. If the Passion isin trouble due toa
player' faulry interaction with it, then take a break to think
about it. You may even want to end the session without
judging the outcome just yet. Clifthangers are perfect stop-
ping points for any adventure, and your players will cer-
tainly return co finish the adventure next week. Take some
time to think about the repercussions to both the charac-
terand the chronicle. Discuss it out of game, even. A good
question t0 eras ask your players is, "What would
you like to see this chronicle?" Whatever you

4a, though, dont frees thar che pont sco ave fun. If
you think torturing a player's favorite characteris going to
make the player mad, back down. There will always be
interesting possibilities, if you dare to investigate them.

Computers

A dictionary defines a computer as "A device that
computes, especially a programmable electronic machine
that performs high-speed mathematical or logical opera-
tions or that assembles, stores, correlates, or otherwise pro-
cesses information." For the purposes of playing Wraith:
‘The Oblivion, a computer can be one of two things: a
dedicated system or a general purpose system.

Dedicated

‘A dedicated system is one designed for a specific pur
pose, like an ATM or an answering machine. Player char-
acters do not normally need computer-related skills to in-
teract (physically or using Inhabit) with these machines,
0 long as they don't try to make the machine react out-
side of its programmed conseraines. Characters with the
right skills and Arcanos can sometimes "reprogram" these
dedicated systems to break their programming, but the
machine will still not be able to perform actions it was not
designed to do. For example, an ATM can be coaxed into
spitting out money without a card or PIN number, but it
‘could never be made to talk co someone. Ie simply docan't
have the necessary hardware. It was designed for one pur-
pose and one purpose only.

General Purpose

‘On the other hand, a general purpose system can per-
form many tasks. These machines are usually what people
think of when they think of a computer. They range in
power from a portable laptop, used by a single person, toa
high powered mainframe connected via dedicated phone
line to an international network and used by hundreds of
people. These machines (for the most part) require knowl-
edge to use, of, at least, knowledge to use efficiently. In
‘most stories, player characters will be interacting with this
type of computers to either store or retrieve information.
Often, this information will be protected, either through
physical location of the machine, security programs orjust
plain data encryption. Players will need both the neces-
sary skills and Arcanos to even begin trying to acquire
information with a computer.

Networks

Both dedicated and general purpose computers can
be on a network. A network can be loosely defined as two
‘or more machines connected for the purpose of sharing
information. These connections ean be permanent, in the
form of cables connecting the machines, or temporary, like
‘modem and a phone line. Phone lines can also be used


Th
ths commonly refer to as the Electron High-
n be accessed with the Inhabit Arcanos. Still,
there are two important things to remember about net-
works.

Not al computers are on networks. Most dedicated mi
stand alone and don't communicate with other
ers. One notable exception to this rule is an ATM.

which communicates with an external database
to exchange account information. If hine is on a
network, but turned off, it is still inaccessible from the
network. The wraith must travel to itand turn iton. Ifthe
chine is connected by modem, the modem must be o
d the wraith must know the phone number in order to.
access the mach

Not all networks are connected to the outside world. Be-

¢ people consider the Electron High-

security risk. In fact, many companies have

large internal networks that contain no modems or leased
phone lines. Access to any of these ma only be
gained from another machine on that network,
Unsurprisingly, itis usually the companies that control the
most important information that feel the need to be this

Wraiths and Computers

Information is the Pathos of the World of Darkness,

Information could save a Fetters life or desttoy

plans. It could pay the back mortgage on the old haunt or

pay back a Giovanni for "services rendered." Information

is a powerful tool, and in the right hands, a powerful
on. With the Inhabit Arcanos,

is useless without the right skills.
ght be able to possess a computer, but unless he is

than turn it on or off. Computer skills are a relatively re
cent occurrence. Most older wraiths are computer illite
ind most new w y ls. There
e; most are com-
fairly youny
Wraiths can still learn, but it is fairly hard for a wraith
who didn't grow up playing video games and programming.
VCRs to master concepts like ‘window."


Accessing a System

* Physically; or the "Quick" way

With the proper skill, a wraith can still ery to access
‘acomputer without Inhabit. yust have has an Arcanos
that allows her co manipulate the machine in the
Skinlands, like Embody, Outrage, or even Puppetry. But
using these Arcanos, she is limited to doing it the "Quick"
way. She must access the machine asa living person would,
by physically typing at the keyboard or moving the mouse.
She also has to hack her way past any security precautions
and painstakingly search for the desired information. This
limits the type of machine the wraith can access.

For example, Pol, a computer hacker, is trying to
avenge his death at the hands of the Mafia. Pol has the
Knowledge Computer and the Arcanos Outrage. Using
these skills, Pol could sit in front of any general purpose
‘computer and type in commands like a normal person to
get the information he requires. But if Pol wants to ma-
nipulate a computerized video system at the Mafia head-
quarters or reprogram an ATM to spit out all money from
the capo's secret bank account, he must have a correspond:
ing Secondary Ability or specia
more distantly related ability, the Storyteller may allow
him an attempt with either a higher difficulty or a required
number of successes.

Pol goes to the capo's house, intend on getting infor-
mation out of his computer. Pol locates the comput
makes his Dexterity + Outrage roll co activate the art
Death's Touch. Pol succeeds and can now type at the key-
board. Unfortunately for Pol, the computer is protected
with a password. Pol needs to now make a Intelligence +
Computer roll to see how long it will take him to hack
into the system. Luck is just not with Pol today — at that
int, the mob leader's secretary, Donna, enters. Pol
can't continue typing, or he will be noticed. Ir looks like
he'll have to put off his revenge until later.

* Inhabit; or the "Easy" way

Using Inhabit with the art Gremlinize gives a wraith
otal control of a computer. In a way, he controls the
"senses" of the machine, as. yput and output
The wraith also has total access to any data or inforn
tion on the system, barring any appropriate security mi
sures (see Security, below). In order to manipulate the
put or output, or attempt to access or change the data the
wraith must have the necessary skills. That is, he must
have some concept of how the computer and its softw:
actually work. Normally, software use appearson the
tor of screen, or is in some way recorded. Thankfully, the
monitor and other recording devices are considered out-
put, and therefore under the wraith's control. To co
pletely hide his actions from an outside observer, hon


Controlling the output also allows a wraith to carry
on a conversation with a person at the keyboard. Simi
larly, because he has total control over the input of the
computer, he can change whatever the user is typing in
The user may think she's asking fora listing of al her files,
but the wraith could be changing the input to a request to
delete all the files. Or perhaps the wraith just has the screen
echo Files deleted." Mischievous wraiths like this can cre
ate very frustrated users, as well as rumors of "haunted
machines."

For example, our friend Pol found someone to teach
him Inhabit. He has now wandered back into the capo's
office and Gremlinized his computer. Coincidentally,
Donna is using the capo's computer to play games. This is
actually very lucky for Pol — she has already entered the
computer's password, so Pol doesn't
Pol makes his Dexterity + Inhabit roll and succeeds. He is,
now in the computer. Because Pol is not attuned to this
machine, he must make a separate roll for each action.
Pol easily succeeds his Perception + Computer roll and
finds the capo's address/extortion book database. Pol wants
to browse through the database to find the capo's home
address. He makes an Intelligence + Computer roll and is
y able to run the database program. Because Pol is
trying not to reveal his presence, the Storyteller has him.
make a Dexterity + Computer roll. Pol fails and suddenly
the database program pops up on the screen in front of the
secretary. Luckily for Pol, Donna was hired for her looks,
rot her computer skills. She quits the d
and returns to her game. Pol tries again and makes both
tolls. He now has access to the database information,

Security

‘Computer security can take on many forms. Some are
problems for wraiths, some aren't. The more important
the computer or the more valuable the information, the
precautions will be taken to prote
Limited Access. These computers

¢ to figure it our.

ase pro}

¢ protected by

their location. They are nor
user must be at the machine

ly not on a network, and a
self to manipulate it. Some-
¢ is locked up behind several doors. This
sort of security measure is not a problem for a wraith, as
long as she's not low on Corpus. Still, sometimes just find-
ingout where the machine is located can be tricky. Home

times the

computers, valuable research machines and most dedicated
machines fall into this eategory.

* Physical Guardian. Some compu
people constantly watching or usi
problem fora wraith without Inhabit, unless his purpose is
toscare these people. Even an Artificer must be very care-
ful, or her actions will alert the living. Sec
and ATMS in high traffic locations have this problem.

1s have living
them. This can be a

ity consoles

Rules 145


* Limited Users. Computers often have a predefined
set of users, and only these people are allowed access to
the machine. A potential user must enter both an ID and
a password. A wraith without this information will have
to try to hack her way into the system. Hacking is nor
‘mally a Manipulation + Computer ot Intelligence + Com-
pater roll, depending on the task. The number of successes
determines the time it will take to complete the job. Both
wraiths with and without Inhabit must deal with this type
of security, but wraiths with Inhabit can usually find ways
around it. After all, a password typed into a Gremlinized
computer isn't very secure. Most machines on networks
are set up for limited users

* Encryption. You may have access to the data, but
that doesn't mean you can use it. Sometimes it can be en-

or encrypted, requiring a "key" to decode it. Another
hacking roll will be needed, although if the wraith has the
Knowledge Enigmas, itcan lower her difficulty. Encryption
will add to both the difficulty and the time. However, the
data can be transferred to a safer location, and the wraith
can then decrypt it at her own leisure. Research or
tions and illegal societies tend to use encryption.

* Other Wraiths. It is entirely possible that a wraith
could attempt to access a system using Inhabit, only to find
that another wraith has beaten them to it. As only one
character can be in possession of the system at a time, an
opposed Willpower roll can determine who has control.

Stysas Grand Plan

Rumor has it that a ces
in Stygia has been i
computer knowledge and has them work-
ing away deep within the bowels of St
They are working side by side with powerful
Artificers to create a great and horrible ma-
chine — a giant computer. A soul «

pable of keeping track of all the souls in

ygia and the Shadowlands. A machine
that can be networked to Necropoli to al-
low travel and communication between

ia and Anacreons. Such a machine
would be a truly powerful device for its
owner. But this 1 rumor. Afterall, the
device would be incredible, and the num
ber of souls that would have to smelted to
build it would be inconceivable. No
Deathlord is power-mad enough to pay that
kind of price. We hope


For example, the capo's computer has three types of
security on it. It has limited access; the computer is lo-
cated in the capo's private office and doesn't have a mo-
dem or other network connection. It has limited users;
only people who know the password can use the computer.
And it has encryption; all the Mafia data recorded on the
system are encoded. Pol easily bypassed the first barrier.
Donna bypassed the second security measure for him. So
now Pol is staring at a large encrypted address file. Pol
starts to work on breaking the encryption. He rolls Ma-
nipulation + Computer at a target of 8, since the capo
purchased a pretty good security program. He gets two suc-
cesses. The Storyteller determines that it will take Pol four
hhours to break the code, and he must make four Dexterity
+ Computer rolls to see if the secretary notices anything
usual. Pol makes the first roll, but botches the second.
Suddenly, the database program pops onto the screen, with
the encryption key box flashing as different keys are fed to
it. Donna gets scared and decides she should go do some
work. She turns off the computer. Pol suddenly finds him-
self possessing a large useless paperweight, with no more
information that he started with. Back to square one.

Computers as Relics

Ifa wraith Gremlinizing a computer is powerful,
wraith Gremlinizing a computer with his own relic com-
puter is doubly efficient. He ean instantly copy any infor-
mation he needs to his machine, then browse through it
in his spare time. If his relic computer has a modem, the
wraith can access the Electron Highway with it. This gives
him more control than using Ride the Electron Highway

unaided. Unfortunately, relic computers are very rare. Few
hackers die with their computers in their hands, and only
portable laptops are really useful. Relic computers also need
Pathos to fuel them. This can sometimes be costly, but if
the computer has a battery, it can be charged up before a
planned usage.

For example, if our poor friend Pol had owned a relie
computer, he could have just transferred the entire en-
crypted database to it and left. He could chen have re-
tuned to his haunt and would not have to worn
anyone disturbing him for the four hours it would rake
him to decode the address book.

Wraith and the Digital Web

The Digital Web is a vast virtual universe that exists
in the minds of mages, mostly Virtual Adepts. Unfortu-
nately, to truly experience the Digital Web as mages do
requires magick, which wraiths do not possess. This can.
be incredibly frustrating, especially to a wraith who was a
‘mage in life and had experienced the Web. He now finds
himself totally blocked from the virtual existence, and can
only access the Web as Sleepers do, through their key-
boards and monitors. There is only one w
roadblock. A wraith with Puppetry can posse:
difficult rask, since mages area willful lot). When the
enters the Web, the wraith appears beside her. The wraith
stays in the Web as long as his host does. The wraith still
controls the mage to the extent his possession allowed,
bur he can relent that control if he desires. As soon as the
mage returns to the real world, the wraith comes back with

around this

e (a

her. If the mage dies while in the Web, the wraith will be § JR

trapped. His only way out is the Tempest. Of course, ru-
mor has it that there is another way into the Digital
Wel ut who can trust a rumor?



ced, but few ever master them. Li
tice a given Arcanos improve in tim

plicity into a rue thing of beauty and wonder
Lydia Beckman, Anacreon of F

| rcanos are the mysterious powers that
the Restless Dead use to transform the
world around them. The thirtee:
widely practiced Arcanos were once — may n
the domain of the

nic str
form the basis of Stygian soc!

ing wraiths could go to learn a given An
as grounds for dividing people up into social
But when
ago, fearing that their power would soon rival his own, no skills of
new grouping sprang up to take the

Suill, people continue to be defined and
some extent by what role they play in society.
those who choose to learn

larly

tain characteristics in common, which givessome credence remember the old arts.

to the stereotypes attributed to practitioners of those arts

Arcanos

We call them arts, for the Arcanoi are to be

any art, most who prac-
brut icis only a f
ters who are able to transform it beyond mere cookbook

, Boston

narts which at

asters of these arts across the
sshave developed different uses of th

known toall wraiths. Th
lds, which com- be known by wraiths who

vost Arcanos" may

yed them in centuries past,
{ure to well as those whose instructors preferred the
y. The over the more common arts in vogue today

is served both as loose colleges of a sort, to which as For example, the current arts of Inhabit focus prim
os, as well ily on the ways it can be applied to electrical appliane
ind political and the web of power lines that covers the gl
currently thought to be the most useful applic

ong the Restless who still refer to someone who prac habit. The arts currently taught to ini
ate as a Pardoner, but this is more Inhabit evolved from thi

tificers' basic underst

r knowledge of how

ning it into objects or ch
nade their transition frot
Arcanos often share cer-_niciansan easy

among the most

irskills which

abe. This is §

nding

149

Arcanos

y all Arcanoi hi
€ eager to learn mo
at may through diligent
earch. Similarly, those who achieve mastery of a
10s may, with much test
y unknown uses of comme
The following section consis
offshoots of the Arcanoi that were more common in year

including arts that are still in use
today. While these lost arts are infrequently seen, it is not
unheard of for ancient Gaunts, or those they trained, to
have access to these arts

Arcanoi

Whi modern wraiths simply use "Arcani

both the the plural of the word, some older
wraiths and those who wish to affect an air of culture and
tradition sometimes use the archaic plural for

common Areanos are included in Wi
supplements, but it is possible for Storytell-
ers to conceive new arts appropriate to their
chronicle as well. Using the Arcanos in
Wraith: The Oblivion asa guideline, a Sto
ryteller may develop alternate arts as long as
they are consistent with the power levels al
ready established. For example, the highest
level arts are as powerful as any art should
ever be, for if player characters are wieldi

so much power that even the most powerful
adversary is pushover, where is the fun in

that? Storytellers should examine any poten-
tial new art to be sure thar it will not upse
lance of the game. Also bear in mind
that these new powers should be difficult to
obtain, of they will not be prized as highly
by the players who seck them. Whole
chronicles could be based around the se

for lost arts, as the Circle tracks down
cient Gaunts and Ferrymen from whom these

All that said, Arcanosare like any other
rules in the Storyteller system — you should
feel free to adapt them and tailor them to
your chronicle


he Quick should find their own places. All
gH) my days as a living soul I spent my time
surrounded by the won
The carefully carved furniture and fine
|) draperies held more fascination for me than
‘ever a person could. The human form was
cwkward, built only to row od and fragile. lis the works made
by the living, not the living themselves that can be eternal.
This art allows a wraith to manipulate and animate
sd by the living, regardless of whet
lue. Many Alch
ia ibued the items w
thelr own, and thae this pseudo-life is what permits
them co give false life ro the objects in the first place.

Flux — Alchemists

For centuries, the guild

the Usurers understood the flow of
ay from one being to another, the Al-
chemists' experiments centered on the
tive strength and weakness of objects. Like their
mortal counterparts, the Alchemists tried to un-
derstand the components of matter, and thereby
learn how best to manipulate it. Of course, this
Guild was always in demand by those tae w hed co to
‘obtain relics, as well
their Fetters in the $
dem with their sister

ild, the Artificers, until Charon
led the guilds. At that time, the force of Charon's
to discourage congress with the
and the Alchemists were driven

Skinlands e'
from Sty

Basic Abilities

Grave Mold: 1

The wraith may

System: The character must roll Strength + Flux (dif-
ficulty of the local Shroud), in order to use this art.

Sense Fluxion: The w er carefu
nation, sense when others are using Flux upon an object
n the Skinlands.

\

System: The character must roll Perception + Flux
(difficulry 6). Only one success is needed to sense whether
cor not the object is affected by a Alchemist, but more sue:

cesses can give extra hints as to the
identity of the Alchemist in question.

small, non-
em. Fabric and paper will yellow and begin t0
crumble when touched by the wraith, but other, h
bjects are unaflcied. The weight and dencity of ob-
jects altered by Rot must be small for this art to have
any significant effect. Rot is sometime
of Inhabit to bring small, fragile obj
Shroud as relics.

System: The character must oll Stee
lux (difficulty of the local Shroud). The n
ber of successes indicates the volume of m
terial chat can be ruined. Larger quantities
of fabric oF paper ¢ more successe
One ecay in only a
ages of paper, but five successes would be
ough to destroy
s. Only one object 1

sed in place
ts across the

volume of a large city's Yel

affected at

This are costs one point of Pathos for every use.

* Strengthen

This are all
such a way that it becomes mor
p By doing so, the Alchemist
the object so that any attempt to dama
ject will be significantly more difficult.

Syste rolls Dexterity + Flux (diff
culty 7). Each success allows the wraith to increase the
difficulty to destroy the object by o
Stamina. For example,
jewelry box in which her Fetter, a valentine, is locked.
Her ex-boyfriend, a mortal named Stanley, is trying to pry
the locked box open with a letter opener. She gets three
successes, which increases the difficulty to destroy the box

vs the wraith to ma

¢ the object in

t to decay and
ters the structure of
e or break the ob-

sista

The chars

up to the W

from a 5 to an 8. If Sarah's Stamina was only 2, she would
have only been able to raise the difficulty to 7. As it
now Stanley may need more than just a letter opener.


tain objects at any given time. The wraith could move
every window simultaneously, but would have to roll again.
This Art allows a wraith to promote significant decayfiijfo affect doors or light switches. With one success the char-
in manmade objects. With a sufficient number of successes, @bter may initially control a number of items equal to their
‘wood crumbles at the lightest touch and iron rusts tothe Wits rating; each additional success adds one more item
poine where it loses all structural integrity. The Alche- /thatean be controlled and animated. The difficulty is never
mists' Guild found this ability very useful in conyinicing | /high@hghan 9. The character may spend Willpower points
the Quick to avoid areas where they were not wanted. Later the difficulty of thei roll.
modifications — such as using this Arton moving vehicles
— assured the Alchemists that they had found a certain
method of keeping the living at bay. The effeéts caused by
Decay can be impressive, despite the fact shat{the actual
area covered is often only that of a singlerfink of chain or
a similarly small component.
ke Ror, this artis often used in plage of Inhabie to
bring small objects across the Shroudissel
i" System: The character must makela Stamina + Flux
roll (difficulty of the local Shroud any modifies for the
strength of the object). Each sucuéssingréases the volume
of matter affected. While only one success is needed ro) dese torzential ralefaile ver
cause an already rusted section of pipe to crumble, at-leas ny
five successes would be needed todamage'acuble support- ay yin dath ma abour by strong breest
ing the Golden Oate Beidgg he autanatdn f this art is capable of sight,

This art costs two Pathos.

ly comprised entirely of tissue

to create a cyclone of

Puppet Theatre } fe gare clr

This are allows che' wraith toyanimaté Several small, ° and can gather in
objects at one time, typically several object of like nardy 4 P at are lost in its mad
‘A wraith might animate ab entire colleet \

a dollhouse, and the dollhouse as well, or animate 'a bowl/ tem ardeteemnus roll Stamina + Flux (dif
full of marbles, ora jar of peneils The collection asa whole) | fichley equa local Shiud). Only one success
hhas the same Physical Attributes asth@wraithy but anlyia| needed, B allow for increased Phys

fraction of those Attributes individuallyaind all objects) 2 gees, 3 | poy secs. The character may decide

are limited by their nature. A collection of stuffed animals ffild/the bonuses, but the bonuses

2 ised in the generation of a body

could reflect the increase in

the largest objects. nal/siylfn what objects are available, and has
System: The character must make a Successful Wits, WE igh t0 decide where the additional bonuses can be
+ Flux roll (against a difficulty of 4 + 1 for each additional 4
item in the collection above the total of their Wits rae
ing). The wraith can conceivably take controhof an ene
tire house using this art, but could only manipulate: cer) a


intimation

nt have desires of your oun? Per.
haps for the moment. I can crush your
wants, should I wish, or set youon fire with
others you'd scarcely credit now. After all
the secret to dealing with people is knowing
what they want. Creating their wants

makes the who

‘The art of Intimation is a subtle one, relating as it

focess so much easier

h to dis
ither Quick or

does to desires and obsessions. It allows a wra
cover the wants and desires of anothy

Eventually, the Solicitor can so completely 0
whelm the will of their target that only the im-
planted desire remains, grown toa monstrous ob-

Solicitors — intimation

Ev
enjoyed a reputation that was dark. Always
‘more of a cabal th: d, the Solicitors were
sought out by the g for the ways in which their

special talents might tip the b

Ac the
unwilling to become pawns in the

tion thar the wielders of Intimation pla

of the seventeenth century, the Lords

capital of the dead became unwilling to tolerate the risk
of the
banned from Stygi

id declared them
all guilds had been officially
¥y who practiced of even held

olicitors' pre

knowledge of this now forbidden Arcanos were mad
come in Stygia. This did little to alter the status quo,
er than to raise the Solicitors' ra
dered. Even today, if the art of ma
ded,

s for services ren-
ipulating desire is
n be found in almost a

ro risk deal-

Solicitor ¢
locale,
ing with them,

assuming, of course, that one is wl
The payment Solicitors take is twofold, They will

enally ask for some exorbitant price in oboli, relics, Ar

their officia

facts, or services, with this bei fee. In addi-

pwer of Intimation extends
of the Restless. It can be
and other den of the
though it is generally most

ive on wraiths.

tion, the Solicitor always takes care to demonstrate explic-
itly for the potential client precisely what she is purchasing,
generally by demonstrating on the client herself. Usually
this treatment has the desired effects: namely, to impress
upon the client the power of Intimation and its wielders,
and to make her pliable to the Solicitors will for future oc-
ccasions. In this way the Solicitors have enlisted m

wraiths as their tools and agents all over the
The symbol of th
wheel, denoting their power to bend others to their
will. Solicitors will often conduct psychological

many

licitors isa stylized catherine

warfare on targets by causing toy wheels to be rolled
past them at appropriate moments. The effect is
generally similar to that of the legendary fish
wrapped in newspaper. In person, Solicitors
sometimes be identified by the
unless pains are taken to disguise it
Solicitor's left eye is always a bla
sonous green,

Basic Abilities

‘Twinge: By g

the moment. Often this yields incon-
See, | could really go for

piza..."),

nent com:

‘can occasionally be a useful guide to what the viewed
y do.

{ystem: To activate Twi

‘ona Perception + Intimation roll (difficulty 2). Twinge is

ge, the wraith must succeed

se wants. It cannot be used
nor is it a shortcut to psy

useful only for garnering surf
to detect deep-seated longing
rargeted character.

Self-Intimation enables

cercise of
olicitor to resist another's attempt to control her u

Arcanos. A successful contest renders the target i

to whatever effects were intended ha

mation,
Syste tempt to use Intimation is m

Self-Intimation has the option of

ing a contested roll of Manipulation + Intimation aga

whoever is attempting to Intimate thet


* The Gleanting

Worked on a solid object, the Gleaming makes the
item more desirable than it would otherwise be. Itcan make
a pile of rock seem to contain precious gems, or a rust-
pitted sword seem to glisten as brightly as Excalibur. This
is an unsubtle use of the Arcanos, and as such is the firs
taught to aspiring Solicitors.

System: A successful roll of Manipulation + Intima
tion (difficulty 7) infuses the target object with a luster
that it does not in truth possess. Any wraith near the
ensorcelled object must make a successful Willpower roll
difficulty 7) or feel a desire to possess it. (Solicitors usu-
ally recommend enhancing such items as grenades with
the pins pulled, stolen goods for which the Order of the
Unlidded Eye is searching, etc.) The number of successes
on the initial roll indicates how long the Gleaming lasts
estimate five minutes for each success. Failure has the p
dictable effect of making the object undesirable. A botch
will actually provoke a desire in all nearby to destroy the
item. Obviously, the power of the GI
fect the Solicitor who cast it.

This art costs 1 Pathos.

" uash

Quash removes a want from the target. It can be some-
thing as simple as a desire for a certain Marillion bootleg
or complex as the lust for power. This deceptively simple
aspect of Intimation has the potential to be both extraor
dinarily therapeutic and incredibly destructive. Quashing
is unsubtle; it excises the targeted need completely and
does not bother to heal the gap in the victim's psyche this

System: To Quash another's need, a wraith must rll
Manipulation + Intimation, with a difficulty ofthe subjects
Willpower. The number of successes indicates how com-
plex and deeply rooted a need may be removed. A roll
with one success ma

aming does not af-

sufficient to remove the vietim's
desire for a lollipop, but would hardly suffice to eliminate
a lifelong desire to kill your father's murderer.

Quash can also be used to reduce Passions. For every
three successes rolled, the Passion is reduced by 1.

This are requires 2 Pathos.

~ Deep Desiring

By using Deep Desiring, a wraith is able to map the
wraith in detail. No dissem-
¢; a Solicitor with Deep Desiring can read

ely than your mother could when you
ars old.

you more accu
were three


‘System: To be able to define the desires of another,
the Solicitor with Deep Desiring must make a roll of Per-
ception + Intimation (difficulty 8). The more successes)
rolled, the more accurate the reading. A sufficient nua
ber of successes gives away even the deepest, most prishal
wants of the target. There is no resisting this power gave
with Self-Inti ion.

Deep Desiring requires 2 Pathos.

om The Craving

The Craving implants a complex desicé foc anyitiifg,
ranging from really good Chinese food to seeusy the Great
‘Wall in person. All of the victim's other aérionsiand wants
are warped around this, which becomesithéeentral thread
of the rarget's existence. A successfully done Graving can
cause the victim to actually obsess on(th€ ereated desire to
the exclusion of all other wants afid needs Tike Quash,
The Craving is unsubtle. The new desie@ plastered onto

's sxdséape, with no effore macte
to smooth the rough edges of want Ag stich, the effects of
this use of Intimation can bef@psily detected, and victim
can often be identified quighly.

System: To implant  Graving, the playecsthust first
clucidace precisely whaplehat wants, The Storyteller as-
sesses the difficulty of the/foll based upon the complexity
of the desire to be ingpfghted and the Solicitor rolls Ma-
nipulation + Incimaxlopy agalast 4 difficulty of the
opponent's Willpower thhié numberOf successes indicates
how successfully the Crying is istplanted. A C
‘not a natural Pussion, andithe subject cannor gain Pathos
by following the Craving's tall

Using the Craving costs either 4 Pathos or 2 Pathos
and 2 Willpower. In addition, one Angst point is gained
for every 2 successes rolled.

Cupitatis

‘Gupicatis isthe culmination ofall ofthe other aspects
of Incitfation. It enables the user to duplicate the effects
of the Cfaving or Quash, but to do so subtly, so that the
éffects of the not obvious. While Quash may
Femove aidésire for power and leave nothing in its place,
‘Cupitatis excises the desire but heals the psychic wound,
s0 thar to observers the victim of the Solicitor would ap-
ear to mérel have found other interests. In the same way,
implanted with Cupitat to be a natural
outgrowth of othePinterests or an eminently sensible, if

taordinarily
son, und because ofthis power,

System: Depending Upon whether a desire is to be
feftioyed oF implanted;-a roll is made according to the
guidelines of The Craving or Quash. The number of suc-
Kcesses indicates how seamlessly, the modification of the
Victim's consciousness is made.

Cupitatis requires 4 Pathos and,2 Willpower points to
and gives the wielder,3/Atigst points.

exerci


(Ne-MO-sin-iss)
Once upona time, ina faraway land,
| you did something horrible. Something ter-
rible. Something you wanted to hide from
‘everyone else in the world. Guess what? I
just found out what it was. Oh, I'm sorry;
didn' you feel lke sharing?
be either a powerful cathartic tool
able
ith. Students of this Arcanos learn the arts of
memories, and, should the individual worker reach
more difficult levels of achievement, of bringing those
memories into the present. Obviously, Mnemosynis is
a powerful tool for obtaining information or ascer
taining guilt, and it widely held belief that
the Mnemoi are incapable of pulling anything save
the absolute truth from the psyches of those they
work with, This, unfortunately, was not the
Aneearly synth
and Castigate, Mnemosynis
the control of others. Mn

isof the arts of Puppetry

s0 focused on
oi are workers with
the stuff of remembrance and the patterns of
thought, and only the most skilled have the abil-
ity to shape it, rather than merely read or recall it
However, those with the tal

as a physical stuff may sh:

t to perceive memory
it to their satisfaction,
thus in essence modifying or creating memories. Those
watching the Mnemoi do not see this reshaping of the
material of memory as anything beyond the usual visual
effects associated with the Arcanos.

Mnemtoi ~ Mnemosynis

Once closely affiliated with the Pardoners, the
Mnemoi served the judiciary of Stygia as questioners and
sleuths. Questions of truth and falsehood, responsibility

Storyteller Notes

Mnemosynis is exceedingly powerful
and should be carefully controlled. I
for the recall, replay, and modifi
character memor
tible to abuse. Most wraiths will be offende
by having their memories dredged up by an
outsider, and will react ac .

allows
ion of
and as such is suscep-

Mnemosynis

and fault were easily answered as the Mnemoi could call
up memories of the incidents in question and simply know.
not only the whats, but also the wherefores. The honesty
of their guild was unquestioned, in part because the rigor
ousness of Mnemoi training was widely noised about and
in part because were the Mnemoi corruptible, it would be
toodisturbing to contemplate. Needless to say, the Mnemoi
were in fact corrupt.
Not all betrayed their trust, certainly,
of the guild sold theie calents at reshaping
highest bidder. When Charon himself finally unmasked
the deception practiced upon Stygia, those elders were
disgraced and theit followers, particularly those who
wt yet been initiated into the true ways of the
uild, were crushed. Pallonus, the head of the or
nto the

inless Sea and the

J itself was broken. Its members,

despised and occasionally hunted, were exiled

to the hinterlands and it is there, in a thou-

sand places far from the capital ofthe dead,

thar the ways of reading and shaping memo-

cstill taught. There are those who cla

the exiled Mnemoi are hard at work eras

ing the memories of those who recall their dis-

grace, and are plotting to return in triumph, Oth-

ers scoff at this, but a great many of those scoffers

have also been known to be less than clear on what
precisely the Mnemoi's crime wa

nbol before the exile was an evenly
ed scale weighing one eye in each pan, but since
the breaking of the Mnemoi, those who most keenly fel
the guild's di recast it so that the scales are no
longer balanced. Mnemoi are notable for never, ever blink-
ing (save by conscious effort), and it is by this and only
this that they may be detected.

Basic Abilities

Rewind: With a minimum of effort, a Mnemos is ¢a-

ice ha

th their eyes. Humans, Spectres, even ani-
mals are affected by this power. The clock is constantly

lity and the time limit is precise, but
an be omitted or glossed over when Rewind is
employed. The Mnemos using Rewind sees, instead of the
world around her, the last one minute of her target's expe-
rience in first person format. The Rewind starts from the
moment precisely one minute before the Arcanos is em-
ployed. At che end of that minute, reality reassert itself


System: By rolling Perception + Mnemosynis, the
Mnemos activates Rewind. Difficulty is the Willpower of
the target, and the number of successes indicates how clear
the picture received is. Failure indicates a blurred or dis-
torted image; a botch produces false visions

Sense Intellect: In order to affect another's mind, one
must first learn to sense and make contact with other
minds. The user of this power is able to detect the pres
ence of other minds in her near vicinity, even if they are
‘out of sight. The user must actively concentrate to use
this ability. Once contact is made with such a mind, the
wraith may then choose to use other powers of Mnemosynis
‘on that individual. It is only possible to detect the pres-
ence of other minds within ten feet of the user; the wraith.
cannot ascertain the identity of those minds.

System: The player rolls Perception + Mnemosynis
against a difficulty of six. Success indicates that any intel
ligent being within ten feet of the user, mortal or other
wise, is detected. Each success extends this range an addi-
tional ten feet. Any use of additional Mnemosynis powers
on a subject who is out of sight but with whom contact
has been made will have their difficulty decreased by one;
naturally the difficulty of affecting a subject out of sight is
ordinarily very high. Note that this Arcanos may only be
used to sense conscious minds, Drones show up only faintly
to those searching with this art.

+ in Memoriam:

In Memoriam brings back a specific memory so that the
Mnemos can experience it herself. The memory in question
must be specified precisely (ie. "Let me see your memory of
the last time you spoke to your friend Aristophanes,"
"Show me what happened just after sundown last Thursday"),
and must refer to an event that the questioner knows oc
curred. "Show me what happened when you dumped
Chretien into the Nihil lid question, unless the
Mnemos knows that her target did in fact dump someone
named Chretien into a Nihil. The memory is presented in
the same manner as one recalled through Rewind.

Syster icular memory, the Mnemos

phrases her request for the specific memory and then rolls
Perception + Mnemosynis. Difficulty is the target's Will-

ity of the image. This power is only good for the p
cach additional five years of range requires th
ture of a Willpower point.

* Mnemotechies

Mnemotechics brings a moment of the past back for
the wraith upon whom it is exercised. When this artis
awed, the target is instantaneously transported (in their


158

Wraith Players Guide

mind) back to a time specified by the Memos respon-
sible. The character will perceive herself to be in that past
time and will act accordingly. This power can either be a
magnificent release or the cruclest of inflicted delusions,
and it is used sparingly by those who are aware of its con-
sequences.

System: A roll of Charisma + Mnemosynis determines
whether or not this power functions, with the difficulry
being determined by the Willpower of the target. In addi-
the intent of the Mnemos utilizing Mnemotechics
is to heal painful memories, the number of successes indi-
s the number of Angst points drained from the target's
hadow (1/2 this number are added to the Mnemos as
Pathos). Conversely, a malevolent use of this power adds
‘number of Angst points e:
cesses. In either case, the duration of the delusion is deter-
mined by the number of successes rolled as well; one minute

for each one

Using Mnemotechics requires the expenditure of 2
Pathos and 1 Willpower point. In addition, the Mnemos
gains as many Angst points as his subject if the power is
used

alevolently

 Mindspeak

This art allows the wraith to commut ite short
phrases to an individual, and to receive his responses. Like
a kind of limited telepathy, this art may only be used to
communicate with someone within the user's line of sight,
Because the thoughts are conveyed by a means that is be-
yond language, itis difficult to express fine shades of mean-
ing through this art. On the other hand, itis possible to
communicate with someone who speaks an unfamiliar lan-
guage, due to the nonverbal nature of Mindspeak.

System: The player must roll Perception +
Mnemosynis (difficulty 6). Each success allows the char-
ate one simple phrase, and receive a
response. If there are extenuating circumstances (the sub-
ject is distracted, afraid, hostile, etc.) the Storyteller should
adjust the difficulty appropriately.
For each additional person the Mnemos wishes to
communicate with beyond the first, one Pathos must be
expended

vw» Casting the Scene

Casting the Scene recalls a moment of the targets
past for everyone within a 10° radius. An expense of addi-
tional Pathos expands the range of those included in the
cffect. The request for a memory must be carefully phrased;
queries in the "When did you stop beating your wife?" mold
will produce precisely zero in the way of effect. Everyone
in the range experiences the memory through the eyes of
the target of the Arcanos.

acter to commun


‘System: For a cost of three Pathos and one Willpower
point, Casting the Scene can be invoked. The user ac:
quires one Angst point for every minute of memory
played by this power. To actually Cast the Scene,
Manipulation + Mnemosynis (difficulty is subject's W
power). This power is only good for the past year
additional five years of range requires the expe
additional Willpower point.

wom Onslaught

This isthe ultimate power of the Mn
‘oamplify and transfer a memory wholl
another. While this may not seem
compressed and intensified emotion:
some cases cause actual damage to

son the memory is being transferra

what the memory concerned, b

tached from the experience.

While this art was initially developed to heal
memories, it has been adapred to inflict such intense
tional pain that the body actually begins to become physi
xed by the Onslaught. Ie is the abuse of this
+ that forced Charon to break the Mnemoi, and the

‘SYstem: The wraith attempting to use this art must
make eye contact with the subject, and must Embody
ithe Intended target isin the Skinlands and has no means.
fseeiny Beyond the Shroud. The Storyteller then assigns
‘ube 1-0, indicating the intensity of te memory
10s may increase the inten-

spending Willpower on a one-for-one basis, but may
thelintensity level above a maximum of 10. The

fand tht Mnemos then mak

ation +

subject's Willwet vs. the Mnemos's Mani

PRE ofsuceses in Corpus (or Health,
in the ease of beings injche Skinlands) Levels as damage

resisted roll of the 9


‘ou may, if you read as many horror nov.
esas do, have stumbled across.a novel
by Noel Hynd titled simply, Ghosts.
Ie's a well-crafted book, and worth
reading strictly on its own merits. Hon
Wraith is concerned, the
important part of the novel comes at the very beginning,
when the Reverend George Osaro gathers all mob of
Nantucketers to tel their very own, personal ghost storie
during "Spiritualism Night" at the local church. One by
‘one, various residents of the small New England town gs
upand tell of their assorted
other side. And apart from the fact that all of these stories
are set in ‘a ghost in them, you
take a wild guess as to what else they have in common?

The answer is nothing. With apologies to Ambrose
Bierce (whose stories should be required reading fr all play-
ers of Wraith), not a Damned Thing. We get stories of ma-
levolent ghosts and benign ones, gentle harbingers of death
and rough ushers into the afterli
derand even those who assist w

\counters with those on th

¢hosts who intend mur-
interior decorating. The
notion of the ghost becomes infinitely plastic within the
space of "Spiri n Night." In the hands of Hynd's char-
acters, the very notion of what a ghost truly is yets warpe

and cafypulled by each tale-teller's conception of what they
need a ghost to be. When we strip away the veneer of cir-
ccumstance laid by each storyteller in his or her turn, what
do we have? We have fear of death, and reassurance that
al to accept loss, and all the
with death projected into
Ik and talk and act, all the while looki
much like people the characters of Hynd's novel once k
‘These people make their ghosts, and the ake those ghosts

forms that

‘Or Had They Bodies?": Wrath in Some Kinda Context

by Richard Dansky

By allowing his characters to take these liberties with
the very notions of ghosthood, Hynd is really just
those liberties himself. However, there is no need to decry
this as sacrilegious desecration of ati c

tradition. Rath« thor of Ghosts is embr:
what the literary g
itself —undefinable,

ngall of
ost has ever been, namely, a thing unto
tobe reshaped fora new

tale, a new culture an

After all, the ghost story exists as a distinct entity out
side of the horror gente. Let's ignore for the moment the
examples of Hamlet and Mache
able Charles Dickens. A Christmas Carol is most
ghost story, but does one find it shelved under horror? How
about Oscar Wilde's small miracle of a short story in which a
wst, driven to dist

ig faux-blood on the walls in
abandon the "classics" asa source of ex:
tum to Charles DeLint, whose work teems with ghosts but
which never does more than trespass on the f
the mansion others have built to house horror.
ful a master of the horrific as Algernon Blackwood 1
the occasional lonely or even munificent spit. Gen
vention, form: the very idea of the ghost walks through their
boundaries as
More to the point, the idea of the ghost allows itself
be reinvented for each set of cultural expectations that re-
Quire it. The thronging shadows of the Odyssey, greedy for
slaughtered bull's blood, represent somet
than the animus of the house in Poppy Z. Brite'
Blood. Superfcially, they are the same: spirits ofthe dead thirsty
for blood (and the blood is the life, Mr.
shadowy yet holding knowledge that
will illuminate mysteries for the living, Despite all thar, there

Roleplaying 161 9


is litle common ground between the two. To speak with
Homer's ghosts is a heroic act, not one for normal men. To
even reach the place where the dead may be spoken to re-
quires a feat of daring, and then the dead must be called,
summoned, and fed. When Odysseus dares to call the shades,
speak with them and even attempt to request the forgiveness
of one of their company, he is really reaffirming his starusas
hero. To speak with these ghosts is a heroic act, but not a
horrific is one with daring the strait between Scylla
and Charybdis. What these spirits truly show is how far out-
side of normal existence Odysseus has gone. They are not
there to frighten, but as a measure of unteality.

Brite ghost, on the other hand, inhabits the utterly
mundane. Plumbing. Comic strips and computers. Recre-
ational drugs. All of these are things easily accessible to any
American with an ounce of cr All, even those as ori
nally as avant-garde as blasé bisexuality and heavy drug use,
‘been subsumed into mainstream cult nal parts
of existence. The tools of everyday life are what this ghost
Uses to intrude into a normality where it is needed but not
wanted. In a rebellion against the mundane world, the nor
mal becomes the conduit for the bizarre. The trappings of
existence, the things that define wl
invented as the property of the part of red
definition, unsafe. Furthermore, it is only by completely e'
bracing this perversion of the normal, by diving into ic and
accepting it for itself, that needed secrets can be uncovered
and peace be found. There is a hidden threat in those things
which we take for granted, the book whispers. Conformity is
a threat, and to prove the point this threat is m:
tated, made monstrous, as comic books and leaky faucets b
come instruments of real and active ace. It's a given in
this situation that the abnormal holds the key to resolving
those dilemmas of living which the "real" world can'thandle.
‘Old ghosts and new ones, it would seem, have litle in
‘common save purpose. They literally represent societal ques-
tions of life and death. As those questions change ftom year
to year and culture to culture, #0 too do the shapes in which
those questions are clothed. The ghosts of the Gothic period
embody uncertainty as to how morality, wealth, and class re
late to spirituality. In time, though, those questions lost their
significance and the manner in which they were asked gets

parodied by a ghost who scribbles in bright green ct
scribbler, however, is also asking questions, even ifthey
c radically different ones, on some of the same issues. The
sheer impotence of Wilde's stereotypically British ghost in
the face of "modern" Americans speaks volumes about the
society that this particular ghost mirrors, as does his act of
most selflessly un-Gothic heroism at the end of the tale.

Later the ghost became a pers
mentor of the overly introspective indiv
ions' "Beckoning Fair One," M.R. Jame
Tl Come to You," and Blackwood!'s


are among the finest of this sort of story, and in each a
lone member of the quasi-intelligentsia, by means of (per-
tual activity, becomes a

haps excessive) careless intel

ls with the central concern of the

solitary thinker's dealings with eternity.
This, too, was just a stage in the ghost story's evolu-
tion. As society's concerns evolved, so too did the ghostly

forms in which it cloaked those concerns. The ghost story

grew technophobic, then erotic, then romantic, then ni-
hilistic, all in fits and starts as society figur
worried it at that time. Look around: we have ghosts in
‘our machines, ghosts in our houses, and ghosts in our hea
Why? Because w jociety are worried about our ma-
chines, and our systems, and most of all our heads. And
that brings us to today, and to Weaith.
So where does Wraith fit into all of this? Uneasily,
one might think, with all ofits talk of Arcanos and R
its attempts to structure the freest ofall worlds of
the supernatural. Roleplaying games are, afte
structed sets of rules and if there's one lesson to be
ghosts, it's thar they don't play by the rules. Wh

of classe

d our what

and definitions could possibly encom
screaming skulls and poltergeists, headless que:
phantom ships that all get filed under the heading of
ghost"? It would se
vice to the unquiet de:

impossible without doing a disser:

(a poor idea, one would suspect)
or to the sanity of the designers of such
That's why Wraith is such a ple:
members the primary rule of all of the best ghost stories:
"The ghost is what matters. All else is com
and write i." All of the splattered ectopl

t surprise. It re-

ic of differ-

the ghost who the whole thing hinges on is unin-
it: And so, the focus of Wraith is on the character.
The history is there, yes, and those pesky rules and soci:
etal conventions too, but the bulk of the game is devoted
fing out who the heck your ghast is. Once that is
est, while perhaps not terribly cheerful, s easy

aith's power is derived from how true it stays to itse
hat fuels the character's personality as opposed to how many
dots ithas spate ershect. Who the wraith
is, what drives it, the dark sides of its soul, all this is what's
truly important in Wraith. The rest is secondary, to be grafted
tion crafts form
of being crammed into a prefabricated shell which, stuffed
with chains to rattle and blood to drip, barely
for personality. A wraith can be a
valid reason for existing. So long as ie matters.
Just like all of the classic ghosts, in all the classic ghost
stories. And isn't that the way it should be?


Depth

J] » literature, all good stories focus on the
personal journey ofthe protagonist. Many
4 of the most dramatic moments aren't
physical confrontations; they are inner
conflicts. In a successful story, the char-
acters must grow and change to succeed.
‘Most of us have some difficulty really
connecting with a character involved in a gunfight. We've
never gotten shot ourselves. We an only imagine. If we do
to the gunfight, chances are that it's through the
mirrorshades of our modem multimedia experiences.

"That's not the case with a character's inner struggle. All
‘of us get scared and make hard decisions. We feel insecure.
We do what we think is right, even when it might not be in
gerests. We do what's wrong, even though we know
me reason, we can't kick our cigarette habit, we
still manage to forget to send thank you notes after the holi-
days, and we don't read directions. Every day we all have
choices to make. It is these choices that make Wraith an.
exciting game. We can relate to them.

‘The problem with roleplaying stories about inner con-
flicts and personal choices is that this roleplaying requires a
certain type of character. Let' face it — two-dimensional
characters just can't suffer or triumph as much as a fully de-
veloped character. Simplistic characters don't agonize over
what to do. That's where the player's responsibility to a
chronicle comes into play.

ve had a lot of people tell me that they don't have the
time to create backgrounds for characters. I've had people
tell me that they don't have time for preludes, that they are
‘good enough roleplayers, and that it won't matter anyway. In
my experience, any work done developingand defining a char-
acter enhances chronicle. If you're a good enough roleplayer
without a prelude, then maybe with one you'll create a great
The questions in the character creation section of
crutch for people who have
trouble developing characters. They're 2 tool for people who
are good at developing characters. Any time spent develop-
{nga character pays off in droves, and it doesn't take nearly as.
Jong as people think.

ve spent most of my gaming experience asa Storyteller.
I've created hundreds of characters. I've done as much as I
can to try to make my settings real for my players. I've an-
guished over villains and plotlines. I've researched material
for my chronicles. I've helped players with advice on their
characters. I've spent hours going over notes to make sure I

164 Wraith Players Guide

of Character
by Harry Heckel

was consistent. When I wasn't consistent, [tried to come up
with plausible reasons for my apparent contradictions. Story-
tellers can create a tremendous amount of work for them-
selves. And like most Storytellers, I don't think I ever did
half of the things thar I knew I should have.

‘When | started writing fora living, | wound up asa player
in my group's games. I've spent a lot of time as a player now,
bat ic was quite a transition. I remember the first session. |
conly had one character. sat around looking at my one chat
acter, feeling like I should do something else. The scene was
set. The plot was moving. My friend, the new Storyteller, was
doing a great job. I played my one character, but I kept feel-
ing like I should help move the story in some other way. I
wanted to figure out how I could contribute the most to the
story with my one character.

"Tome, the important thing wasn't how effective my char-
acter was on paper. That didn't matter much, in part because
T'm a lousy die roller. I can count the number of times I've
rolled well in dramatically appropriate situations on one hand.
AsaStoryteller, my die rolling skill didn't matter much. [could
fudge whenever it was necessary to advance the plotline. Asa
player, the fickle ten-siders of destiny were beyond my control.

I started to look at what I could control. As a player,
had the ability to shape my character's personality and his
past history. Considering that I was one of four players, that
gave me tremendous storytelling influence. By working my
character's background into the Storyteller' setting, L helped
hhim flesh out his plotlines and set up subplots. Since I started
to develop mannerisms and habits for my character, his litle
idiosyncrasies helped other players enjoy the game. I stayed
in character during the sessions, and in my free time away
from the game, I thought about my character.

Tacked myself questions far beyond those inthe rulebook.
‘What kind of political beliefs did my character have? What
was his favorite food? Did he even know whar was happening
in Bosnia? What type of music did he listen to? How would
he describe the perfect day? Whar little habits annoyed him
the most? What sort of things turned him off? What movies
did he like? Admittedly, I stole many of the questions | asked
myself from books on creating characters for fiction, but
roleplaying. isnt much different from fiction.

There are three absolute rules that I stick by during this
ongoing character re-creation process. First, | have to make
sure | like the character. No marter how vile, weak-willed, or
despicable he becomes, he has to have some kind of spark to
hhim thae I appreciate. Maybe I admire the fact that he keeps


trying despite all odds. Maybe it's that no matter how many
times he loses at love, he is still stupid enough to believe that
he can find someone.

Second, the character has to be tolerated or liked by the
other players in the troupe. If everyone votes to go left, and I
insist on going right, that's okay. Whats not okay is when my
friend sitting across from me is having a lousy session when-
ever we play together, because my characteris such ajerk. The
goal of a roleplaying game is for everyone to have fun. If

y fun because of my character, then I fig
‘ure out some way to make my character change. This may also
‘sa great guy, but he starts taking
over a chronicle. Every character deserves
shine. Well-developed characters get mo

bea problem if my charac
opportunity £0
ances than most.
‘Third, the Storyteller has to like my character. Ths is re
ly a corollary to rule two, but it deserves emphasis. Ifmy char-
acter constantly works against the plotline of the game, then I
tty to rethink the character and talk to my Storyteller. As I've
mentioned earlier, Storytellers have enough to do without a
character consistently messing up their games. Giving the Sto
ryteller a hard time every once in a while is okay. Its pro
even good for them. Making ita habit will iritate the Story
teller and set you on a course for violating the second rule
While writing up backgrounds and descriptions of things
ny chi
roleplaying. Roleplaying is still che bese way to develop a
et. My group now makes it a standing policy to run
ns with each character asa prelude to an upcoming

fer owns helps me to envision him, it isn't the same

chronicle. Ifit's posible, Iecommend playing through events
in a character's life. By roleplaying through the past, a
character's background shifts into that character's memory. It
addsa sense of lasting permanency to a character.

The final thing that I personally do to flesh out my char
acter is to have a concept for his future. I set goals for the
characters that I create, and I try to figure out what sore of.
turing points he might have in his life. I like to have my
characters change and mature during a chronicle. They may
not follow my concept, but just havin
transition a bit easier.

Wraith: The Oblivion offers a special roleplaying chal-
lenge to a troupe in the form of a wraith's Shadow. A player
should talk to his Shadowguide and give her as much mate:
rial to work with as possible. Just asa well-developed char
terprovidesa Storyteller with material to work with, it makes
a Shadowguide' life much easier

Well-developed characters are worth the effort. The set-
ting of Wraith provides many powerful emotional situations.
Knowing your character lets you capture those moments in
your imagination. A good background adds consistency and
purpose to your character's decisions and actions. If your Sto-
ryteller understands your character, and your Shadowguide
knows your wraith, they'll know exactly what buttons to push,
toinvolve you in plotlines and subplots, and to give you things
to worry about during game sessions. Other characters will
get involved in your afterlife, and hopefully, you'll have a
great and memorable time.


life Before Death

by Matthew Skipper

experience as a wraith led me to the conelusion that the
Restless stinct advantage over the other det
of the World of Darkness; |

J) we chow lay, or the type of ¢
ssa lot about of powers certainly as cool
us. Although most people play when my friends among the living b
primarily for entertainment, som my point of view quickly changed. I felt helpless, and I
me can make you look at thins er- began to loathe my wraithly e

Thad played my first

cence,

As the game progressed, a quirk of fate made it pos-
represents sible for some of the Restless to regain their mortality.
is trying to show us. Though skeptical, I needed litele encouragement to pur-

came tosome conclusions about what the gi

for me and perhaps why
My first experience pl

the "Grande Masquerade" Live-Action game run each fall once age

by Night Owl Productions. Thrust into a game of over _ life brings.

erwasat sue it. To make a long story short, we succeeded. |
alive, with all the pain and responsibility tha

two hundred players representing every facet of the World Once the game was over, several of the play
of Darkness, I quickly experienced all that is good —and around, discussing the game over breakfast. Someone
character would do, now that he was alive

bad — about being a ghost. With all the vampires, what n
made inevitable com- | replied that he would undoubtedly become a hedonist,

parisons between the various systems. My fist few hours' refusing to let any experience pass him by. In life he had

Wraith Players Guide


been a quiet, scholarly type, and now that he had a second
chance I saw him living life to the fullest.

Much later, when I was thinking about all che things
that had happened over that long weekend, those words
came back to me. I wondered, "Why am I not living life
like chat? Why should it rake death to make someone ap-
preciate life? Why don't most of us make the most of every
‘moment and all the possibilities that life presents?"

There are as many reasons as there are people, of
course. We all think of life as an infinite stream that will
never run dry. We do not appreciate what we have until it
is gone, and I think there's some merit in both of those
reasons. However, fear has a lot to do with it as well
fear of making a mistake, getting hurt, being laughed at
these fears can run our lives if we let them. Ir is usually
easier to let an experience pass us by rather than risk deal
ing with the many things that might go wrong.

Contemplating all of this, I realized just exactly what

at Least to me. Wraith has been billed as a
game of intimate tragedy, and indeed it can be while in
the hands of a good Storyteller. When running her game
properly, a Storyteller can evoke an incredible amount of
angst and pathos (no pun intended) in her players that
few other games can match. Granted, not every player
enjoys this type of experience, but I think d inti-
mately tragic chronicle shows the game's meaning most
clearly (if indeed a game can be said to have any one over
all "mn
the books away, the tru a
‘Whenever someone deals with as delicate a subject as
death, it is bound to have some form of emotional or in-
tellectual impact upon them. In Wraith, we play charac
ters who have all failed for one reason or another. They
failed, they died, and they will gain no respite from their
failure. No surcease from the remorse at having never done
this, or never said that, is available to these tragic beings.

That is where the real angst of the game comes in, when
you examine the reasons that seem so meaningless now to
both the wraith and the player. The wraith may eventu-
ally gain some ability to eemporarily interact with the world
they lefe behind, yer that makes them even more pitiable.
Still, who can give up even a fleeting chance to regain
what was once —and may still be — so important to them'.
‘We empathize with the Restless Dead because they had a
chance and did not use it when they could.

And that is the subtle lesson here. We are still
We still have a chance. Once we have left the
table and stepped back into the real world, immediately
decisions and dilemmas that require our attention surround
1s. Far too often, we overlook them, only to regret their
absence later. We never have to allow an action to go by
that we will regret declining, if w ing to take the
all pass away. But whether our lives

it. Life is not an i

are good or bad, whether or not we regret the things we
t is our decision. While we
wor to do all chat we realistic:
better. How we defin ‘better" life is up to e
but the consequences of
chose belongs ro eac!

Only the dead know what happens to.us when we die
| seriously doubt that | will end up stranded in some hell-

lly can to make our lives

that I might not feel unjustly robbed of
not choose the way Iwill leave this eart
the possibility that Iwill die before my cha
comes. Still, if am willing, I can make sure dl
best way I ca

is always
-¢ for action
live the §
This is the lesson that the Restless Dead

h us. You don't have to become like them,


know that He exists.

‘Somewhere —in Silence—

He has hid his rare life
From our gross eyes.

Emily Dickinson, "I Know That He
Exists"

They say everyone has a dark side, another facet of
our soul that can be blamed for actions we find morally or
socially unacceptable. Few people understand what drives
this "inner spirit," but many believe it is our internal dark-
‘our own personal source of evil, for few people (if
) are inherently purely good. Some people will treat
this entity as an entirely separate thing, while others will
deny its existence. For wraiths, the Shadow is their nem-
esis, their personal source of destruction. Iti that shard of
Oblivion thar forces them to sink into the depths of so-
called "immorality," and lures them away from their dreams
of Transcenden

Playing a Shadowgutde can be difficult. Ie forces us to
become that which we turn away from, that which we de-
fine as "immoral." To take on this task, we must first be
willing to look into ourselves, and try to understand what
would drive such an abomination. Why would some inner
part of a soul wish to destroy its Psyche? What inner needs
and desires would fuel its cold intelligence? How would it
feel to be suppressed, and all but forgotten? Most impor-
tantly, why does this destructive nature known as the
low exist?

Each wraith inherently suffers terrible duality — the
Psyche and the Shadow. The Shadow seeks to be united
with Oblivion, and hates the Psyche for its hold on the
last vestiges of mortality. Whatever its secondary goals,
the primary goal of the Shadow is always, ultimately, to
wreak spiritual and emotional havoc on the Psyche in th
hope, however vain, that the Psyche will eventually suc-
cumb to Oblivion and allow the Shadow its own freedom
It is through these assaults, those few instances when it
controls the wraith, thae the Shadow can win freedom. It
is the Shadowguide's job to take advantage of the Psyche's
weaknesses, but how do you do this? How can you play the
Shadow to its fullest potential?

The first step | would offer is this Golden Rule —
Know Thy Psyche. How did she die? Who is she? What
does she care for, or hate, and why? What are her Pas-
sions? What motivates her? If the player allows it, learn

ness,

by jennifer Lindburg

the full background of the wraith, and go through the char-
acter creation process with her. This is fairly easy if the
Storyteller or a "First Mate" is the Shadowguide, but could
prove more difficult if another player runs the Shadow. If
this is the case, at least make an effort to learn the general
mentality, motivations and Passions of the wraith. From
this knowledge, you can create interesting situations in
which you twist that very knowledge into a means to tor-
ment the character. The Shadow seeks to break the wraith
from its hold on that which makes us human — and it
knows how. Use her Flaws and Passions against her. If she
loves someone, or is trying to protect some mortal friend,
the Shadow should want him dead, Ifthe wraith isan art-
, the Shadow could possibly try to block or pervert her
talent. The Shadow can, and will live vicariously through
her pain. These concepts need to be close at hand when.
acting as the Shadowguide. They can assist in making the
Shadow that much more terrifying, and that much more
real to the Psych

When starting the game, character age should be es-
tablished. Ifthe character isa new wraith, it could be very
effective to have the player uninvolved in the Shadows
creation; have the Storyteller work with the Shadowguide.
to decide the Shadow's Passions and Thorns. Let the ex-
perience of the game play out the Dark Passions, and the
powers the Shadow can use. For the player, having the
Shadowguide use Thorns against the character can be a
frightening experience —or even more so, a tempting on«
Without fully realizing who is offering, the newly formed
wraith may accept a deal with her Shadow to gain more
Axcanos knowledge, or find they are not as successful at
an area they once were proficient in. Suddenly, people shy
away from you, when once your presence drew others to
you. What happens when the character suddenly, without
realizing why, offends another wraith in a better political
position? The new Psyche also has to learn the conse-
quences of certain actions. Ifthe wraith takes an action
that will trigger a Dark Passion, overlook it if i is appro-
priate for the story or scene, but only if it will achieve
some other goal in the end. The Shadow is a cold, caleu-
lating entity thar will fully use its abilities to achieve its,
means.

So how do you, as the Shadowguide, manage these
feats without upsetting the game balance? First, consider
the mood of the game. Wraith is not just a game about
death, but rather life and growth after death. While it is,


not a happy, feel-good game, and should not be treated as,
such, it is still a game — and playing it should be enjoy-
able. Wraiths are tragic characters with tragic flaws. The
Shadow nurtures nd enhances these flaws, trying to make
these flaws into the all encompassing. The feeling is of
grim determination. So how can you use this?

If your gaming group has decided to have the players
be the Shadowguides, have them choose which player will
run each Shadow. Next, try to remember that the Shadow
should be secondary to the Psyche — not forgotten, but
not paramount. Quite frequently, the Shadow should sit
back and watch, biding its time until it can really cause
harm to the Psyche. Always keep this in mind — if the
Shadow is active throughout every gaming session, it
quickly loses its appeal, and its horror. Use the Shadow as
anenhancement, rather than always using its full-blown
weapon.

There are many ways that the Shadow can be played
to its fullest potential. One of my favorite tricks is writ
what my players have dubbed "ninja notes." These are little
notes slipped, or thrown, to a player to indicate what they
hear or see in character. This can be used to simulate their
‘Shadow speaking to them, or to indicate a change in their
‘own perceptions. For a beginning (or even experienced)
player, a note stating "A low, gravelly voice caresses the
dark recesses of your mind, saying..." can be quite disori-
centing. Ifthe Shadow has the ability to give the wraith an
Aura of Corruption, why not pass around a note explain-
ing this when used? If you want to pass the notes through
the Storyteller to enhance the mystery, go for it — just let
your Storyteller know your plan.

Visualization is an important tool. Shadowguides
should utilize vivid imagery whenever possible. Working
with a Storyteller, the Shadowguide can create some truly
horrific Harrowings for a Psyche through creative visual-
ization. Everything the Psyche sees and experiences is cre-
ated by this warped, twisted version of itself, the part of
itself that fully embraces Oblivion. Use this to your ad-
vantage. Each wraith has her own secret thoughts and
desires. The Shadow will always try to exploit them, and
the Harrowing is an ideal place to do so. It is the ultimate
dilemma. "Which path should I take? What if I choose
wrong? Is this reality, or a dream? What happens if."

If you're having difficulty thinking of an effective way
to run a Harrowing, try reading a few passages of Dante's
"Inferno." As you descend into Hell, each circle grows in-
creasingly more gruesome in its punishment. Reading just
asingle canto can provide the needed inspiration to run a
terrifying and wonderful Harrowing. However, great care
should be taken when planning the Harrowing; these
scenes have the potential of greatly affecting the Psyche,
and should be treated with respect.

Countless other tools can help the Shadowguide and
Storyteller make the most of the Shadow. The Storyteller
always has the option of adjusting the environment sut-
rounding the players. A face, flickering in candlelight,
speaking in hushed tones, is more effective than your best
friends just sitting around a table and chatting away. Eerie
music playing in the background can be just the touch
needed to cause the players to start wondering where the
voice they hear in the game is coming from. Speaking in a
low pitch can help everyone differentiate between the
‘Shadow and the Psyche.

‘When the Shadow comes forward and gains control
of the wraith, the Shadowguide needs to treat this situa-
tion with utmost care. Remember, though you are playing
the Shadow, that wraith isn't your character. These scenes
should be fairly rare, and frightening in their own right.
To fully play a creation of such malice is a task that you
‘must take on with caution, and should have fun with. This
isthe chance for you to break away and enjoy playing some-
thing destructive and mean for once. Take advantage of
the opportunity, and have fun.

The bottom line to playing the Shadow is to under-
stand it is just that —a play. A game. You have to accept
the responsibility to know when to stop, and to then act
cn this responsibility. There are some themes that people
are not comfortable exploring. Playing the Shadow forces
you to look inwards and pull on some dark resources, and
while that can be fun, it can also potentially cause friction
‘among friends. How would you feel if suddenly your char-
acter were faced with a decision that you, the player, were
not prepared to make? Or what if your Shadow puts you in
a situation that might potentially really harm your char-
acter? Wraith has the potential for some wonderful sto-
ries, but ultimately, you should recall that this is just a
game that you are playing with your friends. No story, no
matter how great or wonderful, is worth upsetting friends
for.

Asa Storyteller, I once chose to allow a course of ac-
tion that would inspire wonderful role-playing, and which
challenged my players. But when my best friend came up
to me after the session and said "Jenn, this isn't fun. I'm
not going to enjoy playing Kenneth if this continues," I
knew I had to back off. With him, it was simple: he told
me before it got out of hand. As Storytellers and
Shadowguides, realize you may not have players and friends.
who are as comfortable with voicing their dislikes as mine
was. Watch them, talk with them, ask their opinions and
feelingson the session, but above all, remember itisa game,
and a game can always be revived and restarted.


There isn't a society in the world
that does not believe in ghosts, now or
in the past, and although their nature
is defined very differently from age to
age and from culture to culture, ghosts
persist in the imaginations of human-
ity. No culture lacks a concept of
ghosts, although they do not always think of them as the
spirits of the dead. From the beginning of time we have all
had a sense of the weird. Itcan be subtle, perhaps a feeling
that a place oF person is not-quite-right, oF strong as an,
utter conviction that something about the person or the
place is definitely wrong. These responses are rarely ratio-
nally justifiable. We have no obvious reason for these sen-
sations, and so we label them: occult, religious, macabre,
supernatural, bizarre and a host of other words, including
the scientific equivalent of the others — paranormal,
dicating we do not understand it at all. By their very na-
ture these gut feelings are extremely subjective and not
readily analyzed.

It's generally acknowledged by all but the most dog-
ic skeptics that ghosts exist asa documentable phenom-
non. However, the deductions gained from this agreement
vary widely. Few of the ghost-hunters are in accord about
what specifically they have found. Often they disagree on
what kinds of ghostly manifestations "count." There are
rubble heaps of research on the subject, ranging from the
most eredulous anecdotes to the most scientific investiga-
tion, with various groups continuing such efforts even as
you read these words. Often the most extreme forms of
hauntings get the most stringent attention and the most
‘emphatic denunciation. This happens as much because from
the extreme nature ofthe "ghost" —and I put this in quotes
because a wide range of manifestations are lumped in with
ghosts — as from any legitimate inquiry. In fact, most
hauntings are so very ordinary that they are not identified
as hauntings. The uncanny comes into play only when it
contradicts specific knowledge, such as the sight of a teacher,
dead fora year, standingat the blackboard in the high school
classtoom where he taught for thirty years. What makes
the sight of such a haunting unnerving at best and fright-
ening at worst is that the man's presence is considered im-
possible. Ifa student were unaware of the man's death, the
sight of the teacher would cause no alarm — the student
would not recognize the manifestation asa ghost, chough it
isa fairly common form of haunting: a visual echo.

170

Wraith Players Guide

The Thing About Ghost

by Chelsea Quinn Yarbro

For most of us, being scared without being in danger is
fun, and the unknown is as thrilling as i is frightening, an
irresistible combination. When you are certain that noth-
ing can actually hurt you, it is invigorating to have a sense
of safe risk. Curiosity is never more active than when a grue
rolls up the spine to fuel it. Rollercoasters would not exist if
this were not true, and we would not hunker over the latest
from Stephen King, or flock to horror movies, or switch on
"Twilight Zone" and "X-Files."

Hoary figures in bed-sheets moaning along castle hall-
ways; lovely ladies on battlements, wringing their all-bur-in-
visible hands; mutilated soldiers parading along a non-exis-
tent street; girls in prom dresses hitchhiking on suburban roads;
headless aristocrats stalking through family porerait galleries,
monks chanting plainsong where their abbey once stood;
metal-clad knights clanging together in long-ago combat;
ancient, faded ladies sashaying through plowed up gardens;
badly shaped letters scrawling along walls penned by an in-
visible hand; loved ones arriving at peculiar hours to announce
their own deaths; filmy, flaming sports-cars barr
deserted roads, betrayed lovers shambling in undeserved
chains; images in photographs or paintings revealing an ilu-
sory presence of the instrument of the subject's death; black
ships with red sails scudding in under the fog-shrouded moon;
these and many more tales are the popular fuel that keep the
ghost-tale running, and we revel in these archetypes, jus a,
we delight in old friends.

‘When dealing with ghosts, most of us can't help re-
membering the tales we told each other as children, intent
‘on scaring our best friends to the point of screaming, We
didn't do this to gain enemies, or to traumatize one another,
wwe did it because it was fun. All of us enjoyed it. And one of
the reasons those tales were enjoyable is that they were filled
with uncertainties, just as our lives are, with or without
ghosts. Confronting a mystery is a common occurrence in
ife, from the classroom to the nighttime closet, and few if
‘any of us escape the conviction that there are things mov-
ing just out of sight thar we might have to deal with. Ambi-
guity is the backbone of a good ghost story. Often just deter-
mining the nature of the haunting can be drawn out through
long episodes of strange, unexplained developments. And
sometimes, just like ghosts themselves, the whole thing is
left up in the air.

There are those who are convinced that modern empii-
cal thought makes itimpossible to sustain the belief in ghosts,
orto entertain the possibility of ghosts, but this idea is more


the result of dogma than logic. Human curiosity will not be
limited by logic. Prove it for yourself. Ask yourself a few ques-
tions: are you really certain that the neighbor just had trash
in that huge plastic bag he took to the dump two nights ago?
‘Are you absolutely convinced that the shadow you saw at
the top of the stairs was cast from the toy in the first bed-
room! Are you completely satisfied it was only the neighbor-
hood rowdies who were traipsing about in the bushes last
night? Was the thing on the roof just a cat? These real life
questions have implications for a ghostly interpretation
fact, you as observer are not in a position to answer those
‘questions from factual knowledge. Perhaps you are; perhaps
you helped load up the plastic bag. You saw the desk lamp
shining on the toy. You went out and told the kids to their
faces to go home. You had to get a ladder and coax the cat
down. Still, there could be reasons for doubts. Did you actu-
ally see everything in the plastic bag, or were some of the
things going into it already in bags or wrappings of some sort
—did any of them leak or feel squishy? Was it possible forthe
shadow of the toy to fall at the angle you saw it? Did the
disturbance in the bushes continue after the kids left? And
why was the cat in such a state that i¢ fled to the roof of the
house in the first place?

Legend attributes many motives to ghosts, However, these
motives appear to have lirle to do with real hauntings. Very
few documented ghosts are actually trying to right wrongs,
obtain revenge, embarrass unfaithful lovers, return to a van-
ished home, or do anything from the popular list of ghostly
motives. Where most documented hauntings are concerned,
the haunting itself seems to be the intention of the ghost; the
haunting has little or nothing to do with current events.

Ghosts generally fall into one of three categories: ha-
birual, raumati, and wish-fulflling. Of these three, the most
common by far is the habitual, like the high school teach
mentioned above. The vast majority of haunted houses have
habitual ghosts in them, departed long-time residents who
continue to be present, as if the walls had recorded somé
thing of their nature over time, and are now giving the pla
hack. These are simple ghosts and they may be simply dis
posed of. icin every room of the house
(including basement ind closets), leave it ewenty-four
the sale away from the house. Easy.
The trauma ghost is the most dramatic
it is brought on by sudden and violent death
ngers at the site asa kind of on-going scream
nesse: id the
vost frequently reported. It is also the ghost that is most
et rid of, and should not be tackled by anyone
lacking experience in such matters. Conversely, the wish-
fulfilling ghost is comparatively rare. It is the ghost that shows.
or in a condition that it longed for in life, such
asthe ghost of a crippled child that actively haunts a play-
ground the living child yearned to play in.

put out a saucer of

The ghost
‘The trauma ghost is the most

Certain kinds of non-physical poltergeist phenomena
fall outside these more usual ghosts, and are of far more
uncertain origins. Theses are not the same as poltergeists
linked co sexually repressed teenagers, which are a matter
for a psychiatrist, not a ghost-buster. There is also another
ghostly manifestation, the one most often seized upon in
stories. Iris the haunting that is manipulated, consciously
‘or unconsciously, by a living person. These hauntings in-
teract with living persons, a wrinkle not present in other
hauntings, and, as such, are not truly in the realm of ghosts,
but in between the "other side" and abnormal psychology.

Fictional and legendary ghosts are not so limited as the
documented ones, and their behavior ranges much more
widely than that of most of their investigated kin. Im
‘ghosts are much more interesting to most of us becau
have focus, they pay attention to the world around them,
and they demand reactions from the living they visit. Be-
cause the fictitional ghosts are so vivid, almost all our arche-
types of ghosts come from legends and myths, not actual

tive
attached to ther aim that has to do with human
life. Ghosts in legends and stories have the capacity to.
unge, as we living humans do, and actual ghosts do not.
Because ghostly phenomena are so tremendously am-
biguous, at least when in the form of entertainment, they
‘easily become as humorous as they can be hortifyir
There are many stories, plays and movies that are not only
good ghost stories, but are also funny. They need not be
traditional spoofs to be amusing. Oscar Wilde's "The
Canterville Ghost" has been adapted to many forms, and
still manages to make people laugh. The cartoons of
Addams and Gorey rely heavily on the comic connections
in ghostly concepts, on the close ties of the ambiguous to
the absurd. This would not be possible if we did not, in
some part of our psyches, possess an affection for! nts
that mitigates the dread they more traditionally inspire.

For no doube about it: we like ghosts. And, I suspect, we
always have, even millennia ago when the entire world was.
far more of a conundrum than itis now. Ghosts are wov
into the fabric of our and our arts. We find comfort in
the sense of continuity the ghost imparts. wy they may be,
and inconvenient when it comes to houseguests, but th
an indication that we do not wholly vanish from the scene
after our death. A ghost is a link, a connection with those
who are dead. It needs no ritual to invoke it, no ceremony to
control it. At its most banal, a ghost is something like spiri-
tual musack, a not-too-intrusive element in life that requites,
licele attention to keep going. At the a ghost
is frightening and disruptive, but it is still an assurance that
the impact of our lives lives on. If that were the sole virtue of
ghosts, we would still treasure them. And when you think of
it, they have so much more to offer us. When it comes to
supernatural vistors, ghosts more than earn theit keep.

Roleplaying

ginary


44

¢ shall not cease from exploration
And the end ofall our exploring
Will be to arrive where we started

y the place for the firse time.
tle Gidding

ys felt
most overlooked roles within Storytelling games is that of

than contacts, enemies of worse ¥
food. But for wraiths, human:
many people seem to see Weaith as the most dark and de
pressing of the

1 source of hope. While

ryteller series, and while from a cert
perspective this may be true, I feel that it has the most
hope as well. Wraith offers a chance for your character to

a chance to make fi the wrongs of

redeem himse
his life. It is the w
her this hope. E
all the loose

ith's close tie to humanity that gives
ly have time to tie up
Is — death gives you that chance. Wraiths

172 Wraith Playerrs Guide

Why Be Nora

by fan Lemke

smber what it meant to be human, and the loss of that
ty has a profound effect on the way they now view
the world.

vital role in any Wraith
me. They are the character's connection to the "
world, and without them existence would seem dreary in-
deed. In most Gothic liter ihost stories, the
ts with each ghost.
£ ters in a Wraith game adds a great
of depth to the story
xd even enemies of the
+ characters. Anyone who could be a Fetter of the
rh would be an excellent choice. But what about the
police officer who is investigating the character's murder?
The wraith n
bur the two may find themselves working together now.
Or what abour the people who move into the wraith's home
(now his haunt) — how might they become involved? A
cer gives the

mortals game with only one wraith chara

ghost three-dimensional characters to interact with, and
‘opens up new storytelling possibilities for the mortals as
well.

My favorite games have always been those in which
"normal" characters confront the supernatural with whar-
ever resources they have at their disposal. Classic works of
horror, such as those by H.P. Lovecraft and August Derleth,
are excellent examples ofthis kind of story. Average people
are confronted by hideous, unknowable beings forcing the
characters to rely on their wits, rather than weapons or
incredible powers. This theme can wor well in
roleplaying games as well as fiction, presenting the players
with ample opportunity for roleplaying rather than roll-
playing. I find a story in which the characters (and play-
ers) solve the plot through planning and ingenuity far more
interesting than one in which they blast their way through
with heavy weapons or super-powers.

Though the emphasis of Storytelling games is supposed
to be on telling a good story, the games often degen
into power-questing by the players. Casting the pla
normal humans not only gives the players wonderful op-
portunities for rlepl: ut offers a whole new perspec
tive on the World of Darkness. Most players ca
ily relate to b , thus making it
tant players to "get into character
are offered a chance to really shine. When playir
pite, werewolf,
the character is of

they are rather th
character has no super
is sure to resule,
Obviously this style of
But for players ai

will not be for everyone.
Storytellers who tire of the same thin,

freshing change of pace. Death seems
all the more real to a mortal faced with a ghost an
enticely different level of tension to a game. Of course,
this is Weai ,and death opens a whole new world
of possibilities for living and dead characters alike.


Ze

Descent and Return

by Sam Chupp

left to rot. Inste

ad of ending there, however, the myth

continues. A

faceted. E

jend of hers was sent down to the Under: |

of Heaven again. Inanna's myth isa classic example of the

on the underside of
there is light, darkness, and shades of | Concept of "descent and return.

gray. In Wraith: The Oblivion, you might think it neces- This myth speaks directly to Wraith
sary to distance yourself from "light" roleplaying, as you for what you, as a wraith, should undergo as you roleplay

your chronicles. It is not enough t

the darkness. scent by striving to rise up even in death. In fact, to me
that is, exactly what "Rage

st the dying of the light"

‘When the Sumerian Goddess Inanna (a very power- fishits

ful deity forher ti called the Queen of Heaven) made

her descent into the Underworld, she stripped herself of

ave her power: her crown, her sep How can you do this? The answer lies in your involv
ter, her clothes ything that made her unique. When IF in your past life and the things you did in life
she reached the lowest lands, she was hun, hook and ‘rongs can you right? Can you confront the reasons


-doop os ssaunjzep a4p
soxeus xeqp aya 40) erunod a¢p 51.24 exp eBoy J9AoU ASML
4 lunenDsey pe Axwos Ayrud s} Yaya UI ssUDZEP ay
‘yBnoypyy 2 o2U} auaosap anoK o HuyUEDW SuUg NOK Ue
plow Stay axp on SuyuaMas Aq Apyo 2wyp soquIOWIY
‘youd [Pod sf |]
24 204" Op mopeyg axp 29] Ajduns or as]ndw} ayp asutEsE
ue ssouyzep ayp asurese SuySBnuxs Jo 0m ayp ‘soup
O96UL, 02 3950]9 NOK SuLAG Aeus ayt] ased sno' spsENor
poroou1p sopjanoe nod AyurE99 ynotppy "wana. axeus|N
342 — Jeo8 soysiy yon we st 2ou9pudssueL] "aouapuads
ued 30) duran Ay}0ss909U 20U 5] 8H] Joy Burs eX
[purnsiapun ‘uama4 03 Japuo uF op nok rey NeW ON
-uaddey or sip mojye Abus syyesie s9yp0 YEA
asonuod 1u9jo1A & Uy uned}oqased aeyp a}qissod 5,3 WUDfOIA
05 5} MOPEY sIY IOUIg "uaLPO 40 sJasuNY oF wHIeY asne>
2,Yom yp WOIysEy # UT ano Mopeg ayp 29}, o2 Kem BU
-puy pue wy woy suEM mopeys sty 1eYM BuTUED] WN
puods pjnoo ay Jom sy gusny spung y]s91 wtp [99j 94 s90q,
{LO 2hesoddip sty JaquIoUID! 3Y s90q] "sIPIEIM 2920
Sunpeay Jo ssoursng atp ut (uoRIqu'y) ,doys dn aPg,,, pue
(Aang) ,9218 942 [eapy, Jo suoIsseg popeaasz-mou sty ansund
IMo> ay ‘jam sy ">yH] sem apr] STY reYA yo aznaoid-a}zznd
aupiaion ind pinoys Aatp ‘auo Aq duo ‘uona siy sues
-soaut Aq winaas oy 02 Aesnyped ayp ues pyno> ajuref

9yeay
pu somop ese Aanuapy sty uresas UIese 2940.09 — IY]
tp 3995 02 arunasoddo we se sep asm ay s90p 30 ss9UNp.EP
24 kjuo Buryaos "ypeap siy ur MoTTem o anURUCD 3Yy $30C]
"ay 01 uoIstD9p w sey attod sitp ae aaKed saruref
-2pt] Ut 30120p © 2240
sem 94 aeyp paztjeau 94 1exp YpTEIA ZoMOUE Jeay O2 AaNsp)
pue soupeg pasn Ajsnolssuosun ay ayo [UO Sea 3] "3!]
ased sty Jo soowous 39eq 1yno3g yoy BuNyPAUE prose
01 Burda sep ayp auads pur sjansem jo dnou8 e ypu ut 13}
9} PIs 94 Jo JaJeaY w ‘OID0p e se ap SIY INOGE [Te DD
20830} pey aiue[‘Jonuo> poysimburya: Ajpeuy wopeys sy
aya) ‘soduns Je Jo sadeay Sumpess ‘spuejwopeyg axp

anoge payynys ay Sorepard sep v 917 -wHY payna mopeys
sty — aailue puv pazey jo aunavaio v sea ay spur mopeyg,
dy UL aw v Joy "EmAD]]E IeyR UT Payp apwel,
‘aayjea siy ypia yo Supfeur ‘wy awag Ayeug
[pu uny uodn 39s (as0j9q 490m 94p aw Aq par¥aN U99q,
‘Aqyeaquoy, ‘pey oyss) Inyp ayp udya AvaKka}qe UE Uy 9UO}E
sem 9} "uny JuPpeN BMY v apoU o2 po|tLy oy ‘sans
xp ysnomp Hurour A|qunyy "vasfays uF auaUNTede posn
aun-Apsow sty 02 372eq >4Jem PInoYs 9y YP pap}oap pur
ay8ru 94 20) Aanp yo poaaqa1 seas 9}] "Ys Oya UT UMOPYE OIG,
snoasau pry 4]se9U pue 2} 280] ay aysiu duo ‘AypeUL
"eayfly 199Ns woy spunom uns pue 9y1Uy aXp puL s9s0p1940
Srup parean ay se daajs anoxia skvp 10} o8 pay "U9
‘woos Aouailzaua ay Uy yer1ds0y ANIC) 204 MONI SION,
xp Ww payom ay diyswouy Juoy sy anoyiinory y "om
-ny 9up 30} adoy pur astwioad Jo j]ny ‘331] uy sox20p v sum

‘onuuef "orunef pauneu yprerm & jo Atoas axp 94KA ¥,29] STUDDED
ano 01 wimas w ppe UeD Nok Moy Jo a]dwexd UE sy

aouop
‘avg € 01 sdin ‘Aypenuanod ‘pur Sujdvjdajou yo sunoy uo]
‘Auwur jo aynsax atp aq uo siuem AjyeED! MOpEYS INOA IY
Surwse9] sea] zonEU JIA 21 MOU NOK UoYa (TUANS
say Suronpaz ‘snyp pur) s9mod s2} astou9x9 03 sanyuM
-soddo 11 Suya}8 pue uem mopeyg sod WYN HuyUTEd] Jo
sowoo vy Suryzowios st sry J °(9q 3949 v2 suopeMays Yons
se ayes se 20) ayes st 21 MOU NOA Uys ow e ao} Awd puE
yo DUIO, 1 MOPEYS B42 MO}]E AjpeDI1] 01 — suopLM|S
ponjwi] ul amod parruny mopeyg sok sojqe 02 shvan puyy
ue ‘mopeyg sno mmoge a10w UIE} asm NOK ‘Aye

-yJom sv mopeyg
a}quumsaut jo are suojsseg Yong
1431] 241 02 3n0 Y>"DL 02 9pI0 UT s1aUI0 4900 awOs azIseyd
a9 40 suorsseg mau dojanap 01 2]qe 9q ose AU NOA,
peap
ayp jo Hom at uy Buyueaw puy o2 sapio ut Surat] a1p
JO POM stp spremor no YoxaL asm No' ‘suB}d sno}Te}OU
‘1 pue mopeyg yp Jo jnyyDrEM aq asm Nok aeYA Supers
zepup) jaypAsd uo INOk puessapUN or awOD snIp_pUE
ssanaq sno§ are 2eyp sBunyp pu ‘s90e/d ‘a}doad ayp puryoq

2yp Suruoyuos ur ot


Basic Arcanos Char

Argos

Rating Name Attributes Difficulty Cost

Ability Tempestpeck Perception 6 nla
Allows a wraith in the Shadowlands to peek into the Tempest.

Ability Tempest Threshold Strength 7 nha
Opens a hole into the Tempest.

Ability Orienteering Perception 8
Navigates through the Tempest — 1-3 successes: standard time; 4 successes: half standard time; 5 successes

dard time,

Ability Track Perception 6 n/a
‘Tracks another wraith who has fled into the Tempest; quarry can resist with Dexterity + Argos (difficulty 6).

. Enshroud Dexterity 7 none
Makes the wraith invisible for one turn per success; no non-Argos arts may be used without breaking effect.

e Phantom Wings Stamina 6 none
ots the wraith fly at running speed for one turn per success.

Flicker Dexterity 6 IP
es travel time over short distances lowered by one turn per success.

. Jump Stamina 8 minus Fetter 3P
the wraith travel quickly to one of her Fetters

Oubliette Strength we 3P
a target wraith into the Tempest. May be opposed by WP.

thos A= Angst W or WP = Willpower nla = does not apply
a 176 ‘Wraith Players Guide

Castigate

Rating Name Attributet Difficulty Cost

Ability Soulsight Perception 8 nla
Determines the strength of another wraith's Shadow.

Ability Bulwark
Protects the wraith and those the wraith touches against a Maelstrom; cost is 1 Puthos per Maelstrom level.

ina Malste +3 special

. Coax a
Lets the wraith add or subtract one Shadow Die per tw

6 +1A
sses from a given task.

- Dark Secrets Perception we P
Lets wraith ask one question about the target per success. May be opposed by Angst

one Purify perm. Angst +1Aper'l?
Subject loses 1 temporary Angst and takes one Corpus Level per success.

7 none

Drives all Spectres (not Doppelgangers) from area for I turn per success. May be resisted by Angst.

Defiance

Angst or Angst+3 none
by one point per success. Gives 1A for each "1" rolled.

P = Pathos A= Angst W or WP = Willpower nfa = does not apply
Arcanos Chart


Einhody

Rating Name Attributet Difficulty Cost

Ability Ghostly Touch Strength Shroud na
Produces a touch (strength of a keystroke) in the material world.

Ability Maintain the Material Form 7 IP + 1P/suce.

Adals successes to those already gained for Embody power being used; a borch dissipates the form

. Whispers Manipal Shroud 1p
Lets one short sentence be heard in the material world per su
Phantom Charisma Shroud P

-s the wraith appear as a translucent figure for one turn per success; may scare mortals.

ina Shroud IP

see Statue s
Makes wraith appear solid (but motionless) for one scene or touch per success.

Life-in-Death Manipulation Shroud 2P
Makes wraith appear as idealized version of self for one scene per success.

eocee Materialize ipulation Shroud 3P+1W
Makes wraith nearly human for one breath (or hour if attuned to viewer) per success.

P = Pathos A= Angst Wor WP = Willpower nla = does not apply
Wraith Players Guide


Rating

Ability

Name

Kismet

Attribute+

Perception

Allows you to tell who Fate deems "important" in a room.

Fatal Vision

Perception

Tells abour how subject died (or will die, if in the near future); adds | die/success to later Interpretation.

Warns wraith of impending dar

Danger Sense

Interpretat

Perception

Manipulation

Gives one cryptic answer per success about subject's past or future,

Lachesis' Measure

Luck

Perception

Gives information about current and future situation,

Wits

+ ignore one "I" for each success; rol for this only at start of story.

W or WP = Willpower

+ (1 turn warning/success); difficulty may vary.

Difficulty

6 nfa
sub. WP none
6 none
sub, WP 2

6 2

6 Ww

fa = does not apply
Arcanos Chart


Name Attributet Difficulty Cost

Rating

Perception 6 nla
hine now (or, with three successes, in the near past).

Ability Sense
Determines whether of not some

. Surge Wits Shroud none
‘Temporarily cuts power to one electronic device per success. May damage sensitive electronics.

oe Ride the Electron Highway Intelligence Shroud 2P+1P/passenger
ind other wraiths through the computer network.

Lets wraith transport herse

Gremlinize Dexterity Shroud 3P + 1Pleffect
Controls 1 machine; attunement is required for major effects.

sees Claim Strength Shroud 2»
Lets the wraith inhabit an object for one scene; one success needed for small objects, five for house-sized objects.

see Empower Wits Shroud varies
Invests one of a wraith's Arcanos arts into an item.

P = Pathos A= Angst Wor WP = Willpower nfa = does not apply
180 Wraith Players Guide


Attribute+

Difficulty

K Ability Locate Fetter Perception or Intelligence 6 nia
With Perception, scans the area around a given Fetter; with Intelligence, detects range and direction to the Fetter,

. Sense Strand Perception 8 none

Determines relationship between a wraith and her Fetters, or whether something isa Fetter.

e Charisma 8 1P/eurn

Lets wraith affect the area surrounding a Fetter without being there.

Splice Strand Manipulation 7 IP +1P/day
something the wraith is touching into a temporary Fetter (rating 1);
th Fetter can be maintained at a time.

‘Sever Strand Strength owner's WP 2P+1W
ers targets connection to Fetter (requires WP or Splice Strand to repair).

Soul Pact Charisma sub. WP op
Makes a willing mortal into a Fetter (rating 1).

nla = does not apply

W or WP = Willpower


Noliate

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost

Ability Shapesense Perception special nla
Detects whether and how another wraith has been Moliated: difficulty is original shaper's Dexterity + Moliate.

Ability Glow Ch
Causes wraith or others to glow with a given color and is

i IP

ity for one scene per success.

Ability R
Returns wraith to original st

of Death's Visage Manipulation 61010 IP
lifficulty depends on degree of change (minor change = diff. 6; drastic = diff. 10).

. Imirace Dexterity 408 IP
Molds wraith's face to match another's; diff. 5 if wraith can see the face, 8 if not, but 4 if wraith has a skinmask,

oF Sculpt Manipulation ( IP
Changes subject wraiths sh
can also heal aggravated da

annot alter subject's abilities; subject loses a Corpus Level;

eee Martialey Intelligence or Strength Stamina +3 3P + 1P/success 9
Molds wraith's body into weaponry (does 1 die damage per success) or armor.

sees Rend Ser
Does aggravated damage to target (1 die/success, plus 1

gth sub, Stamina+3 IPHA
[Pathos spent); must touch target.

sees Bodyshape Wits varies 1P+1P/eurn
Transforms wraith's whole body and appearance for | scene per success; difficulty depends on form assumed.

P= Pathos A= Angst W or WP = Willpower n/a = does not apply

ArcanosChant 183 a


Outrage

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost

I} Ability
I tmproves leaps and jumps (add

Dexterity Shroud n/a
successes to those scored while making leap or jump); diff. 6 in Tempest or Shadowlands.

. Ping Strength Shroud iP
Moves a very small object just a little bit (can be a brush, a push, a lift, etc.)

oe wi
Lifts heavier objects with a Fe

hgrasp Strength Shroud 2P
of Strength; objects cannot be moved in any way other than a lift.

onehand Punch Strength Shroud 2P
Physically strikes the target; does one Health Level or Corpus Level per success.

eee Death's Touch Dexterity 8 3P
Lets wraith manipulate objects for one minute per success gained, or start fires (using Strength instead of Dexterity)

Obliviate Strength Shroud SPH1A,

level aggravated damage per success; sends destroyed objects to Oblivion; diff. Stamina + 3 when used against
wraiths.

P = Pathos A= Angst W or WP = Willpower nfa = does not apply
184 Wraith Players Guide
—


Pandemonium
Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost

Perception 7 nia
has been caused by Pandemonium or whether an object or mortal has been

Ability
Determines wheth

Charisma Shroud IP

one individual at a time (a hot flash, a minor hallu

on, ete.)

sub. WP IP
roll vs. diff. 8 each turn to think clearly.

Befuddlement Inu

Confuses target for one turn per success; target must make Int

Shroud IP + 1P/eurn,
one level of damage to those in the area.

on Dark Ether Intell

Affects weather or light in a small area; five successes ca

eee Foul Humour Intell

nee Shroud 4P + 1CJsuccess J
damaging effects do 1 die damage per 2 successes.

1 rain of vermin, stream of blood, or other bizarr

ecoce Tempus Fugit Intelligence Shroud 4P
Distorts the flow of time or space, speeding up/slowing down actions or altering distances.

P = Pathos A= Angst W or WP = Willpower nla = does not apply
Areanos Chart

Phantasm

Rating Name Attributes Difficulty Cost

Ability Sleepsense Perce 6

Lets wraith determine subjects sleep state, or observe or experience a subject' dream for one turn per success

. Elysia Dexterity 608 IP
ing mortal's soul harmlessly for one turn/success; REM sleep = diff. 6, transitional sleep = diff. 7,

Lucidity Manipulation varies 2
inges a mortal's dream; difficulty depends on extent of change.

eee Dreams of Sleep Charisma sub. WP IP

Makes other wraiths fall asleep and dream; roll needed only if subject unwilling;
may be opposed by Intelligence + Subterfuge.

eee Agon Strength 8 3PHA

Rips a sleeping mortal's soul from his body for 1 scene/success; does 1 Health Level/success to subject;
may be opposed by Wits + Subterfuge (diff. 8).

oria Charisma 6 3P+1P/eurn
10s and Corpus for 1 turn per success.

illusions using wraiths P:

P= Pathos A= Angst Wor WP = Willpower nfa = does not apply
186 Wraith Players Guide


Usury

Rating Name Attribute+ Difficulty Cost

Ability Assessment Perception 6 fa
Senses the amount of life (Stamina/Health/Corpus) in an individual or an area.

. Transfer Manipulation varies none
"Transfers Pathos to a wraith (diff. = sub. Pathos) or from one (diff. = sub. WP); target wraith must be touched,

Early Withdrawal Manipal
evels to wraith (1 per success); t

sub.WP none

Mo
(morta

target's Health or Corp

must be physically touched).

ae Charitable Trust Stamina special P
Moves wraith's Corpus Levels to target (up to 1 per success); diff. is target's current Health or Corpus Levels.

Exchange Rate Intelligence 6 none

erts wraith's Corpus to Pathos (up to 1 point per success).

Investment Intelligence 7 none
"Invests up to a set number of Pathos or Corpus points into a relic for later use.

P= Pathos A= Angst W or WP = Willpower n/a = does not apply
188 Wraith Players Guide


Vampire: Masquerade ofthe Re{ Death Tilogy Book 1
Available May 1995 veil
Wren by Robert Wein RS
ISBN 1-56504-840-7
99US $7.99 CAN

For ten thousand years a race of immortal vampires

hhas waged a secret war to control mankind. Beings of

incredible supernatural potency, they are driven by a

lust for power, ..and human blood.
They are the Kindred.

‘Though mortal, the enigmatic detective Dire
knows
, one of the world's wealthiest
women, They are two wild cards in a global game of
cchesgthat has lasted over one hundred centuries

new player has entered the fray. Known only as
th, he controls forces that make even the
», Who is this mysterious a it of blood?
ance the first sign that Gehenna, the drea
th hiimans and vampires is about to begi

The first volume in a trilogy focusing on the vampires of §
the World of Darkness™, Blood War is written by Roberts
Weinberg, author of dark fantasy novels, including The
Black Loclge and The Devil's Auction, as well as the J

bestselling Louis "a is series
many of ings of the World of Darkne:
spotlights! ‘elder vampires known as

Methuselahs,

Avail:


neal up for grabs.

Your magick gives you a say in the oufcome.
But will such power exalt you?
Or destroy you?

Mage: The Ascension

Second Edition

|

A Game of Reality on the Brink
From White Wolf Game Studio
Coming Fall 1995

=

Cay ht between harsh reality, f
and a paradise lost,
not uitéyhum

not egy far

Sani joutcastf
Nou livein fear of fle crushing weightofire.
and the chaotit tetror oflmadness)
in awaking dreafilall ein own.

Py

a wag


aw
BL aeons ae

Beyond the Shroud of Death.

spend eternity fightin,

in death, we be
— Anya Woodmere, Heretic of the Middle Path

Can There Be hope lo te Damned?

The Wraith Playe s an es
alike.

mysterious Dark

The Wraith Players Guide includes:
¢ All new Merits, Flaws, Arcanos, and Abilities!
© Essential information about wraith culture and society throughout
the Underworld
© Expanded rules on Passions, Fetters and more!

0 TE LTD
sartos
uc Coit

oe
Game STupiO
